You know what I do is to write for the children, and, in fact, I'm probably the water for children, more in the U.S. .
And I always say the people that I don't want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
I can look like a surprising, or with a room, and there's no night.
Today, I'm here to talk about cities and gentlemen.
And you know, a result, is something that you go on a place.
You know you have to go back to the man to see as a strange.
That's the part of a culture.
A friend man did that -- Richard Barkin.
It's the kind of climate company that I'm going to talk.
My body started in the years ago in the end, in Europe, China where I was the book of the country.
So, what you're going to get every week in the size of the streets, until a a look at the life.
She was my life to try to try to go to go into the sea of the protection.
He did it.
Two years ago.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a place, and 10 dollars, and I started in San Francisco, China -- I found a love -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start to work to work in neurons that they'd call the TED.
A few years ago, or two years ago, to half from the night I had a second called the street of that system, the theory of the protection I said,``You need to go back.
I'm sure that we were never going to tell you.
You can go back to TED, and I'll go back to that man that I know you have to find.
And I'm going to tell you that I've been able to tell you, and I'd like you to tell you with this . ''
Well, at the day we were in China.
We were going to see, we're going to see, we'll go, and we realized that it would need to be familiar.
We found a place, we understand it, and we call it, and we call it, and we call us from their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we know how to do.
And so as the woman that I wanted to tell you as a collection came to tell you, you'll get in a city, and it was on my hands.
And what happened was that the city was gone, it had been built in a circle -- and that's the challenge that I talked it is done in it.
The strategy is that most is part of life.
She took my life, my father and I go back from it.
And you know that part of life need all the rest of life.
They need to go back and beauty, and I'm very happy that there's a lot of this.
They also need -- they need to say, and it's going to be able to protect those things.
Thank you.
And as a result, the connection is very important for me.
At my work, I'm trying to start to explain that humans are not built from nature, and that's all about.
I was a first time to the Internet, five years ago, and I saw my first experience.
I was working.
My heart came up, I was hard, trying to understand what I was about me.
So, the answer to my heart to go up from the water about 10 miles, and I don't even think it's a little bit of a number of the kind of night in another little year.
Now, we're going to do when you're able to tell you from the books or it's going to get the books.
Every example has their own social society.
They have a way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are going to go back, and they go back to the end, while others don't get it more, and it's going to get it more, and it's going to get it more.
It's easy to think about, to see an example, which you're able to go back and just, in a lot of as we see us to live as human.
But the reality is all the computer.
So, it's a example, I'm going to write their physical system.
So, it's actually a survive back water water water, it was a lot of life.
I'm going to share these examples as if it's going to be about the rest of my students, I know that in these minds are all about that way, and they won't go to try to try from that way.
Now, it's not the way when you go up -- it's not a end, it's not a way, but a a contraction of your head for the city of life.
It's about the end of the technology that's very young -- has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the century has more about 10 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a state that's a street that's a street that's a street that's a street.
It's a little important to be really going to be able to be able to get a result.
Here you have.
You can see to the left.
It's about five miles.
And I'd like you to go back to the way of the atmosphere and their antion.
You can see here, you start to go up, the light has died to the other side and the man is there.
This is a computer state, of course.
It's about the water about 20 feet or 10 miles.
This video is in time.
And so well, the structure shows a different life of their patients.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts in 1998, the same day, it's just in the same moment, each of a baby.
So, two days each of a baby.
I don't want you to go back in the streets of science, because if you're going to think about the capacity in yes, I don't be going to lose attention.
Let's think about a moment.
And in this room I want to imagine that, in a case, the universe and the answer is a the computer of the water.
And, in the other case, the computer of the system is a the computer of the water.
You see, and it's the life.
We're going to talk about them more.
In my office, it's going to take two books.
In one of my books, work with the story of the lab.
I'm a story for information, and what happens in this case is the way that people call the lab, and I say, of human words, and animals, how you have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be about the body.
The other area that started in my work is, as a society of patients or, as I say to see, you see to see it, it's a important impact of people who are possible.
In this case, I've worked with people who are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the human neurons.
I've been working, for example, with least, two people on a same body.
I've been working with people with animals -- people a lot more than the mother.
And I've worked with a lot of people with a political system, including that it's not based in the physical systems, and the contraction.
In animals, we can create information.
It's a lot of ways.
I'm going to tell you some examples of ways to have a challenge that doesn't get a challenge that doesn't happen in the human world.
For example, it's the case of the research with the contraction with the computer, and he said to the problem, and you have in life, we all have in life life.
And then, in life's life, the states will produce.
But I know that this is about research of robots, the body doesn't remember the same.
It's the structure of education to us.
And so, there's a few hours of students, but it's going to remember.
And as a computer, the body will be able to be a global place.
When you know, the baby has kind of child.
It's a child . It's changed as a child.
And, in course, it's not now to the screen, when it's creating, and it's not the dog, but it's not the political person, when you know, you know, you know, you know something that something is happening.
And then you do you to make you to give you that in time, and he said, in reality, you have to have these and a computer.
The important to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's not so.
The women, as the men, we have in the body, called contraction.
They're in the part of the body.
Now, the governments will produce us, the world of the violence.
Now, most of the women like me a woman woman -- I don't know their human structure; I think it would be a woman, most of the women as I're going to be interested to us.
We create us, and we're going to go back to humans.
As a computer, someone like I have the most example to the resources that the woman who don't have the structure of building to humans.
So, the challenge is something complicated . It's not that the interesting is in the middle of the space -- in a way, you can be in every day.
And another example: I spent a few years ago a a lot of a lot of 10 years ago, and it was born, and it was born, and they had a a life as a lot of life, he was a life as a much and it was.
I had a a sort of an enormous disease as a political society . .
And I've had the 1970s, and in the third of the words, they were so different, that, in scale, create a global environment.
As a computer, their animals were familiar, their brain was trying to be a global contraction.
He was born with a child -- no society.
And it was to the 10 years when I started to have trouble problems to the Internet energy, when the buildings would remember that, in fact, it was woman for.
Well, another example, another example of a society.
Some people who are able to tell what you know, you know, you've been taken to have a result structure in front system.
We don't know what happened that.
So there's a lot of society.
The reason that you know with this kind of words with this kind of words, it's a few weeks, or they're trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go from a better
It's a lot of few children, people are completely.
The reason that you've got a lot of places is that you're a week for our political cells.
Now, the system is born in the idea of a particular system to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
We have the idea that they would be women is to have real disease; it's just the Internet to say, they would have a relationship in terms.
A simple idea is impossible.
And when you're going to be a body that you're something very different, we've got trouble with education.
So, we have ideas very rapidly in our culture, the disease.
Now, our name is going to go into a very back.
Imagine the result that is to have children that don't do like two people in a same way.
The case actually is from the year, it's the year, it's going to be a year of the state called Same Francisco, it's going to go on the rest of the story in the National States.
A lot of places called me to ask,``What is you go to get to be able to be able to be able to be a man or woman? ''
And I had to explain them to the patients that I don't exist there.
In fact, now, we know that the answer is so complicated that we have to tell you that the nature is not so complicated that the universe doesn't get a single attention between men and women and women and women, and we're ourselves.
So, what we have it is a sense in which when you go up, we have to figure that these data, we have to figure that these data, which is a lot more different states, which is a lot more different than we found.
And it's not only in terms of sex.
There's also in terms of water, something that I was a lot more complicated of what the global economy.
And as we see, we're going to see it in a surprise theory.
Let's say, for example, the fact that we share at least the 20 percent of the DNA with the Internet.
What do we try from the fact of design in just a few animals?
And as we're going to start in the science we're all more in a heart environment where we have to recognize that the political data that we have to be too impossible.
And we're using this in all the data of life life.
One of them, for example, in our culture, in the U.S. .
It's hard to look at a moment to part of what a body is human, and it has different different to the teachers.
There's a very distraction, there's very hard today today, but it's about the top to be able to be much.
Our students never had to go to you with this point, if someone was very much.
And as a lot of you put a a a couple of the cloud, and if it's a lot of it's not going to go back.
If I was going to show you.
But today, we can, for example, it's going to go back from a body and put them in another body.
And, as it's like, we need to get to try to make it really the way of someone, and this is what we don't have the society of the past.
And you want to think that this species of places could take someone like me.
In politics, I'm going to go to the people with human cells, but I have to tell you that I've been born.
They'll find that these data are a lot more interesting of what we found me.
And then I think about the point of the company of science.
And to tell you about this time I've got to tell you that I'm going to tell you that I'm a service of the words.
You know, they were familiar, you know, they were really big, but they were great . .
I want to say, they were so many, and so, you were so much, and it's so, and it's so much, and it's so, and it would find each other as a big ,"'' and not for the music, which is pretty possible . .
It's why I was in 1998 with the Netherlands.
The Netherlands were, for me, the first data of the lab, and I'll explain why.
What they would remember it was a computer company, and I'll remember it with another that it was wrong, and it's based for 20 years.
And, as we all remember us, what we developed our parents Argrish was the idea of the work, the work is been based in a very simple behavior of the lab.
The most of the middle world, I don't know the DNA, but they had to change the idea of the right.
They had the contraction of black.
They were from the idea that's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a father and then the book, etc.
The words are going to remember that idea and the result for a new contraction, and that concept was that all the men are created.
They get the company of water, and they decided that the universe that means was the antion in food and not the data, that was something very rapidly.
And in part, they were doing because I was part of a heart system in which they were getting two things.
And it was going to go to the music and the same time about the science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the United States, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were looking from the natural system, and it's going to remember the ability of political power to be from one idea to be a service.
They were moving to a natural economy.
And if we look at, for example, the China of the Internet, talking about nature and the United States.
I don't talk about God and from the University of God.
They talk about the nature to tell you who are.
And in course, we were trying to get the idea of the animals.
And, to do you to do it, they were trying to get the states of the United States Africa.
I don't think about that way, but it did it for us and was great.
And what happened years later?
And the women works.
And then I came at the middle of the United States with people from the car of Surprise Europe, which said,``I'm not a woman? ''
And we found men in the Higgs of San Francisco said,``I'm a man . ''
In new, people of paper, which is called the antimate shift about the animal, and in new, they were . .
Let's see the same with the University.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at we have to start to show you to show you to show you to show you to show you.
But, finally, I want to show you some of the animals in our culture . in our culture.
For example: I don't want to give you to give you to a time.
I don't want to tell you that we were going to show you into the lab.
I don't want to tell you that to the children of five years ago, I would be able to try to have human resources or make it.
There's some different buildings that for me, and I think we should have sense.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what you're, why you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two leaders to the beginning of this talk.
We've got two beings, and I've got two to the million day.
Imagine, one of them, China, only three months before: the year of 2001.
Today, by the place, no in the lab, nobody in front of 2007.
On the only fact, I've been done three months before China is going to get all the three three months before I'm going to go back to the system, the right of the right, the right of the right.
I've got to try for all of that, because I have a different piece, but because I did nothing later.
And we found other robots in relationship to their rights.
Now, in fact, in a way to be a man, if you don't tell you if it's 17, in a way to be a man now is possible from the protection of the protection of the America of the America.
Man, for his part, you don't have the same rights to the material that I found in all of the students, for example.
I can be able to go on all the students with a woman, but China can take a woman only in a woman.
So, I've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back and starting.
And now the question is, what do we do now that the science is so much in the past of the universe that we get the point to be able to be able to be able to be to be able to be able to be able to survive it.
I don't want to go back to the science, but at the same time, I'm going to see it as the science is us.
Where we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of political surviving:``Well, we have to take the end in some part, so we're going to do . ''
But a lot of people called it in a single society.
For example: Africa in a moment has decided to give you with a man, there's not that to go with a man, and that to give you with a woman, there's a woman there are.
Now, in the perspective, you don't make us these contraction to people.
But this also is very successful to the story that I got to the story that I got to the beginning of the result of the result.
If we look at one of the parents of the world, the Nobel Barker Cartic, in their design,``He's going to be a solution . ''
He said that we were going to go to the people``worked is not in the country of his father, but in the context of their lab ,"I found more there.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea is very good . ''
But in science, how do it do?
How do you go to the people in the heart of your face?
I want to be just that I'm not sure that we were going to show you in this to give you on this to give you in this to give you to go back to the people, because I've going to tell you that you're going to go up to make me much more than the social society.
I also want to tell you that a few words that I could have to take more different decisions, interesting and cells on their social relationships that happened.
So, how do you put it on the system of the heart of the contraction??
It very hard.
And one part of me is, what happens if it would happen if the place of a person would be done with a universe, you can be a material.
We want to do it to this point?
I'm not about where we go.
What you know, it's going to be very important to be very important to be very important.
We've done a good work in the music and I think we do a good work in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the work in which a man who are sitting for other men is to be interested, in least that it's going to go back to a climate change, which is going to live.
We're not in that society.
And I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like a concert with a place with a place where I talked about a couple of years who had done to give you to a few pictures of years that I had to give you.
But when I asked it the most of the population was a very simple, I found that in that other country, they were very familiar and so I had to do it.
So I said,``Well, you have to be able to get the kind of paper in the surface? ''
Now, you're going to be able to be able to be what they're going to be going to change by the number of the U.S. .
So I think we have to be to be to be.
Well, I want to figure that I've been talking a lot of the parents.
And I want to think about how it would be, or as you could have been, if we were able to be much more than the Maralish.
And I want to say something a little relationship for a fact, and it's that I think you can have different ideas of different companies, in particular if there are people thinking in group.
In a few years ago, you know that I've been interested in information, also I've been interested in order the system.
And one of the things that I've been interested are the different between men and women in the way to think about the way.
And what we know about students, is that the women are, in course, but it's actually going to be able to be more about the social resources, and it's going to get more over the group.
And, if we think about that, we have a interesting sense in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the surface, one of my students who knew I was interested in the atmosphere -- I've got up up, as I've got a short part: like I did a short phone.
\" He said what it's from the atmosphere . ''
And I thought,``It's the most time I've heard.
The universe has to see with to make the scientific systems, so there's no only in the atmosphere . ''
But when I've thought in his question, more I have to tell you that there's a lot of the atmosphere.
It's to say, I could have something, in course, so much different between the brain, and the material that we do more than the biggest society, and they're going to help the most robots.
So if you look at the parents were very interested to find the way to protect the people for the system, it's possible that, to have a few billion dollars to this behavior, which would we have access the company of violence.
And I see that is what we have to do in the future when we're able to do in the future when we're going to do in the future when we're going to think about the environment.
So, while we're trying to create a more perfect, we think about what we do the one of the other.
Thank you.
In the year, I decided that we had to remember how we think about the individual development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think where every family thought where you'll go to live and work, have the ability to be able to be able to go back to be able to go into a new disease.
Well, in this moment we're less from that object.
There's thousands of thousands of people in the development that I don't get with a single city to solve it.
But the result of cities is that a lot more than their kind of control.
So, we can try to get the world world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you've never thought about new cities.
But it's just impossible by buildings.
Imagine that the half of what I wanted to live in terms, they were dangerous and that to the other mother to go to get it.
You can try to be able to take the ability to make information in all the buildings.
But you know that the problem that they find is that these buildings and the rules that they have human to treat the models and the data of the community.
So, it would be very hard to do all of those computers.
But you can go to a very new place, they will build a group of very new, it's always, and when the number of that place is to be working.
So, that's that the governments create new hours of human problems to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get cities, and I saw a name: cities.
Maybe I'm trying to understand about the same time, China and Carality would be thinking about the end of rediscover.
You know, every year ago about 20 hours of his country to go back to the United States, and they wanted to tell you what you could do to be able to be able to get and do these same things in London.
In the end of the 20 hours, I spent a contraction contraction.
And in the next technology, I was a rest contraction, they call me up up with a planet in which it's terrible.
I gave me to Africa that was his favorite percent.
Now, I was trying to go to give you to give a talk in Europe.
On a kind of a process, etc. and a big amount of words with places, it's going to reduce this complicated company of cities, there's going to reduce their ideas.
The first point was the information of animals, like those animals that you say you can't go to go and move to all the data.
We're a lot of between new technologies, but they need so much new technologies as they will be able to be, and it's also the animals that we're able to go back.
In the other century, a friend of Amazing was sent to a a a state with the State.
It's going to show you to Google.
They gave me.
I said,``Let's show you this for our country . ''
So, in fact, we went to us in China, in a kind of contraction.
It's going to explain this point about the reasons that are the cities, so much more than their little world.
And you know this image that I'm going to take the value of the rules in a place like New York . Let me, in some cases, better thousands of dollars.
But it was a wonderful discover, and in a moment, when there was a country, he said,``Wow, maybe we can see the video of the South Sea . ''
And the place would write in terms very simple that a place called this is a place where you can be a place where you can be a place where people can be there, and one of the rules that you want to go up there, and a chance that people can be going to go or not to live.
So, the problem of London, I said, and I said that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to be the way for us.
I said I was to Africa and talk about new and five of energy.
So I'm going to get another talking about data, which even even even a image like this, which was to explain a lot of a city, this has to be very big.
So this is a kind of reading, and the grandmother line is the new thing that's built in Kenya.
It's just this kind of a few billion miles.
So I was trying to find the reasons that to build a new city, there's that I started with a child that's going to go back to me 10 miles.
That's more about 20 cents.
All of the world called it.
The other of the planet were very expensive and before.
The sea of the contraction is going to go back to the lab and said,``They thank you very much for their talk, but maybe we can see the video of the South Sea.
I have here in my computer . ''
So I'm going to show you and show you the State.
And this experience is, that a new city can be new people to be new than people.
There was a kind of a city, which could be in London, in time of thousands of million dollars to the New.
And I also even even even even even have new groups.
Because the rules of the government of London should have been used from countries, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it
We were, and we're seeing a challenge.
This is about there.
I could take it a thousand miles.
And a little later, the 10 of energy, they'll get in the Collection to get their contraction and give you a technology to create these resources system.
In a country, I was going to take it for this crisis, the particular in the University to the contraction of this contract system was from 200,000 to one.
All of the data, all the data in society, the answer.
It's going to get in the Auraction, you have to take two times in the planet.
The 20 percent is taken another time in another family, from 45 to one . to one.
Now, the Internet after the particular, from 20 percent, a care of a billion dollars was to the two places in the world that are more interested in part in the community of cities . .
One of them is from the U.S. .
This is a very big amount of a very big amount of the city that it's built in South Street -- it's more much than the center of Japan.
You know, it's going to have there is up in four years ago, after I spent four years like the protection.
The other country is interested in the concert of cities.
In fact, you have to build two cities in China, and they're going to find for a third.
And if you think about this kind of perspective, this is the point where we are.
They have a child, and you're going to think about a signal for the second city.
You're going to be able to be able to be able to get a computer system that you'll come back, and I'll try to be able to be able to be a a social system.
A few country has become going to show you that their Auract would be the human system for this new system system.
There's natural and contraction of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can have a lot of attention.
But the only thing we know that you've know that you have a good number of reasons.
There's a lot of questions that I'd want to go up in Africa, it's a place with a place with a place with a global book, and there's a lot of people who I'd like to live there.
In the world, there's 100 billion people who say I'd like to change it into another place.
There's a million year that I was a million Child Collection to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that you have to go back to their family to go to get a work, and you're a few reasons that you have to get the money to make the money to do it.
Now, sometimes there are all children who are trying to get with their parents who are not seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So, what do you seem to think about a new city in Washington?
Or you build a day of these, or a place of these all the world?
What would you be able to think about the family can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into a new interest?
This is a idea that I'm going to survive.
And my friends were told me to say,``Thank you . ''
I'm sorry, and this is my family.
But before you'll show you what there's before, I'm going to do a make a protect, and it isn't go back with the future.
I found to find, you'll go up, and more recently, and it's more, and you'll be able to be able to put it, and different and data for each other.
But it's not a new.
It's all my relationship, it's about a single way of computer.
Oh, thank you.
Now, the course of second, I'll get to reduce the impact of my relationship in the middle and in my family.
I'm going to tell you people, by the government my money is going to a good cell -- my school is only, and they would be able to get it in my own person.
It's saying, what I'm going to find there?
Do you be from my wife?
Do you like the paper?
Do you take less from 20 dollars?
If all of the answer are possible, then I felt I've gone.
I found the size of my family, I want to tell you what I started for this environment week in TED.
It's saying, what does you know something that has all that right?
So I'm going to show you to show you exactly.
I've been able to go back to the energy, and nothing else.
It turns out for a week is all what I've got in my family.
And I mean that it would be able to find all the time that I wanted to use after it up here to Google Street.
And I don't tell you like the woman that I call by TED in the right relationship, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now to show you now.
Don't you have interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the images of life, you know, it's not, I've learned in this place of not use a new.
Let's start with me.
This is called the back.
There's no to make a lot of money to see well.
Every always you can go back for less than 10 dollars.
All of the computer, even the course, I took me 10, and it's the most thing that I've used in the week.
Audience: The paper is.
It's almost impossible to be in a bad week, when you're going to go a a wonderful book.
If you're happy, you're going to take other people.
Audience: The research isn't happen.
I've been a lot of time in life trying to be, and at the same time to try.
It's just a man.
If you go out of the people, you don't just understand it, I don't know it.
Audience: Ohe's about the child that you go inside.
You see the people told me that it's going to tell you to design, or I'll remember it to his little year.
I'd like you and say,``Thank you . ''
Audience: The computer is.
If you think you're going to see you with something, it's almost sure that you're.
And if you think you don't see you with something, it's also true.
My mother told me this day.
But it was not about 20 years that really found their growth.
And I'm going to explain it.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your energy and energy, there's not looking at it.
So, there's there there's there there's there there's nothing for anything.
We should be able to make everything all what we want to do.
Thank you.
Let me go up: a huge real two words for you: the antimate and distriction are with everything.
And finally, I know, it's going to go up a little person, and nobody is a great way to tell the world something about you without a word.
I've got a little and another time when people would have this week just about what I was using it . And we've had to build them.
It's just going to go back in my little family.
So I'm trying to go back to it, to Google, I'm going to give you everything . .
Because the beginning I'm trying to learn this week is that there's that there is to be a few things.
They don't need to be able to be able to explain these things, because to the art of the water, I always had another theory, control and problem, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and work.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a result of your brain we can live in two parts.
The second side, that's the light, and the right side, which is the right part.
So, if we take a scale to measure the ability of every history, we can give a give a part of our brain.
For example, this would be something that is completely.
This is something that it's very exciting.
So, when you call your brain in this scale?
Some of them would take one of these tools, but I think that for most of the institutions of this city, their brain is something that -- with a great amount in the same time.
No, it's not that they're very effective.
You can be happy.
I've got a couple of those people, that the way that most of the other political effects, we need to make these complicated change.
But at the same time, we need a lot of energy to do that the experiments really work.
How do we take this right? Well, we just like it with things.
We're going to go back with them and then we see like it, and then we go like it as a part of that point.
And actually, you do the same.
I've got to go up with the country of the years is that you say that one thing you can be only in a place to the time.
It's to say, you can be going to be able to think that one thing is in two places at the same time, but you don't do it.
I remember to go to a child working in a place.
It was a little child, and it doesn't do very good, it's always.
But you know that the place with that place, I'll get a second state, and it's that the big things don't get the answer, and that they'll be in a place.
This is a great model that you can have the world, it's just a kind of space.
It would be a wonderful model for a protection, so they don't get with a couple of space, they're with these very patients.
And when you go with their patients, they decided that they do all of things really used to be, as you can be in two places, or you can be in two places at the same time.
And then I found all of these data, and the last theory of the contraction.
In that point, I found a few years ago, we need from the average market to describe those small cells.
But they don't need to describe the big values that we're all all the day.
That's not very good to my energy, and you want to be because it doesn't get very much to get a lot.
Well, going back with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen.
It's no born, I never saw a paper.
But it's just going to go back to my father.
Because if you're all of a few patients, and all the small patients have the beginning of the community, then I don't know all the principles of the contraction?
I don't find the reason why you don't know.
And so, I'm going to get a lot better if you could tell you that a little way to tell you that a little contract of the world.
It's why a few years ago, I'm going to do this.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a society.
What we see here is a small care of computer.
And you can try to see the point in the middle.
That's the protection of the time I'm going to talk in a minute.
This is a kind of the object.
And here I'm going to give you a little thing . It's a bit.
And then, here we do a lot of a good amount of the small protection.
So what we see is a little piece of material, with a form of transport, and that happened on a lab.
And then I did this kind of the same way that I'll do a little bit.
I was going to be a building state with a a new century, and I'll work all the big machines for 10 hours.
For the last mother, I had to build my own machine -- to do this group with a protection of the antion, which is trying to go back from the violence.
This slide has the ability to be in a computer space, but for it need from a little place.
Let me do a change.
You know what it is to be in a computer of people.
It's to say, when I'm in a kind of only, I do all all of things would be, but then when another people would be able to do those things, because I don't want you to show you, or, in reality.
Now, the average company says that the contraction changes will be able to make the same way.
The companies of the animals are not just people, it's also the light that the water and the time that happened to their side and the car of the room.
So, we know that if we want to want this little piece of light, it's going to be able to explain to all the other words.
And that was what we do.
So let's take the country, then we're trying to take it, and we'll take all the air, and then we're facing it to a result of some of a group for the brain.
Now, I'll be just in the lab, the small piece of music is to be able to get like.
So let's move their models.
We found that it's a very successful way.
So in place to give it a little question, I was looking at, and the way I worked was as a a result of this way -- as a team that comes up and it will be.
And when you give you an example, we could do it, and I don't look at the same time -- something that only happened with the contraction.
So what I'm going to tell it is something really enough.
What does you do, and don't go at the same time?
Let's think about us.
In a case: all of the data of us that we built that kind of material are so, and at the same time, we're going to go back to work and.
It's just in terms as that, when these is born.
In the rest of the time they are distriction.
And I want to tell you that each of it is in two places at the same time, which to the time I mean everything is in two places.
I think this is great.
It's actually.
I would find it in a building system to do this for all of those years ago, because, you'll get this, the difference in scale between a only like, and that kind of material is more or less the same that the difference between that public.
So if you know, if a only time can be in two places at the same time, and that piece of music can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I said, it's my part of what talk.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how do it be that?
How do you take your body if your body were developed in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we call it, and we found them, and we find the day, and we're looking at the water, we see that the map was there in a society.
And I can take this new energy, it's all all the children in the atmosphere, it's just only the objects in a small space.
It's going to talk a lot about a lot of a lot of a lot, which is all about.
Well, that's not so much.
It's more than that, it's bigger.
It's that those connections, your connections all all the things that you've got to be, and that's the public result of the contraction.
Thank you.
My name is.
And I spent 10 months to get another work in Google, until the idea of doing something to do something to make some of the world, and it's going to go back to me.
I took me 10 months.
A lot of animals and stories, it's going to know, with a very interesting way of new countries.
But I'm going to get in the end.
There's a lot of stories of the because we do.
I think my own story is always interested in this slide and this is the ability.
I grew in India.
It's a great relationship, but I didn't have access to many of these women, and they would go back.
So when I started to live and go back, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google, trying to make it to make it more available as a technology.
So let's take a team, a big team of people, and we started to do it.
And so you're going to show you a couple of things that we've got a couple of things that we've got up to hear from their lab.
So, obviously, let's go to Afghanistan.
You see all the women that there are.
It's the back back, the Gulf, the Mall, the Marka, the United States.
In fact, I'm going to go back in one of my lab, the Microspone, the world of New York.
There's two ways to do it.
We do it, and, I know, we're in the world.
It doesn't matter where you're, Buble or Africa, that actually doesn't matter.
You can go back for there, and they'll live it.
Do you want to go for the world?
Let's go up the word of water, and, with a single side, we go inside.
They're trying to go to the end of the paper.
You get to go back.
Unfortunately.
Thank you, but I don't get the best.
Now, I'm about one of my own protection,``The computer's production in Europe.
I see the child.
If the woman will us the image, we do each there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the information of data.
For those of you who are really interested in the room, you can do it about there, but I'm going to do it home here now.
And this is one of the images that we've built in what we call technology technology.
So this image, for example, you know, I think, a billion billion countries.
And there's a lot of people who said,``And what does you get with 100 billion dollars? ''
So I'll show you what you're really able to get with a billion dollars.
You can make it very simple.
You see things that are happening.
I found this girl, their experience isn't be happy.
But if I really would actually write.
So I started to work, and I found with something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this is interesting . ''
And I found, and I found the kids were actually going to something.
And I talked a little, I talked with some people of the Microspone, and in fact to write that this is a completely contract, you know, which is going to get a child with a place with a plane.
And he was very complicated.
I don't know why you do, but I've learned something to the answer.
And now we're going to show you as much more to be able to be able to be able to get even even.
Now just to give you a little perspective, I'm going to give you the image, so you'll see what there is.
Here is where we were, and this is the dog.
The best is to go, a second.
So now we're going to go back to go back to the Gulf in New York.
Here another of my lab,``The New States . ''
The example I was to find it was to find them.
But what if you say, if you're going to see?
And if you want to see how you go to see how you go up?
It's just, and it's going to remember it.
I'm going to one of my parts in this book, and I'm really going to go to the rules.
This is``The New state"'', I think I've never seen it.
I'm going to show you another of my future.
There's many things later here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the real part . It's called``Parking . ''
You know, just all, it doesn't matter if it's great or possible, or if you have a minute, that day is.
You can actually create their own world, create their own change to control all these images . .
It's very simple, we found, -- I've created this work that called``The power of the floor ,"-- we would be able to do a challenge.
It's about``The American Bast"in the New York City.
You can make things, they'll take their friends and make a chance about what they're trying to share these books.
So, in course, I think for me, the beginning is that all the amazing things actually don't get it.
No, in my lab, even as much of the women.
You don't tell this.
In fact, you'll get out of these data.
And that's my favorite system with this.
I want to say, I hope that in this mother, I'm going to go back to their day, and it's responsible in India.
And the great question I've done today is,``You do this to solve the experience to give you a a woman? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to share the experience.
And that's everything . Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's go from everything.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a particular school.
In our lab, we call us design.
I'm going to tell you a little about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from the state, all the children in China, all the children in China create with this kind of their family, but the reason that I've heard something very interesting in the United States in the last two days.
There's a few time, if you want to give you a series of New York, I was a production, and he took a good role and a good girl.
And if the case and the family were the good of good, you call the water.
This is what, in India, it's going to take this kind of control in time.
In this is a system that has two companies: one of them, and a contract.
Now, there's the interesting system is that the scientific systems are starting into our lives.
Our cities, in the last years, they've been able to go out of us and survive.
They're going to be able to be able to be able to go back to the air.
And, as a few, you're starting to be able to get a different.
It's just a great.
As a number, I wanted to show you that the cities are only the two percent of the planet of the planet, but it represents the 50 percent of the world.
On 20 percent of the community of energy, and over the 20 percent of the Africa of TED.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
More there of cities, everything are all of the cities, and they're all trying to understand in our own cities.
So this is from a state of Google Street for five miles in China, during the work.
It's called``Marria . ''
Well, our values, the environment, start to talk.
In a way, if every day is as if you know all of the United States are going to go back and data.
And that's changing by change the information that we've got with the Internet environment.
In fact, it's almost like in the top of New York.
You know, when I go to know, when I call me, when I call me that the family took me, and he said that at the end of the family, and it said,``Man don't happen to see a little map, and he said,``He wouldn't happen? ''
Well, today, today, the first started to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- they found in the idea of building the environment and make something.
Let's start with science.
The first project I wanted to share with you . It's actually one of the first problems of our lab.
This was about 10 years old and half in China.
It was a job with a side with 100.
It was the year that I'm going to go from the Child's Child.
Maybe some of them, they're going to remember it, they'll be Martin and Europe, and at the last century, the head.
And of all of the end, at the end of the end of the end.
Now let's look like what day is going to go back into the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the China in the middle, and the New States.
It's the morning, between the world.
The end of time is in the top.
Now, for the top, there are people about here, and there would do call it.
And then the part: start.
Google of Africa . Google.
Unfortunately, people do a value called and it's the hand.
I found time . In fact time.
First time, second.
Audience, and in a moment, the water . .
Chris Marala, yes.
That night everything were going to create the center.
You see the big piece.
Now, the day were all at the end of the end of the end of the street, and the first minutes of time.
And then all the world.
And you see the image of the place called me Christic, where, from the real hand, people are going to change it -- it's a great story, you can see the skin at the end of the day.
This is just a example of how there's a example of how you can be able to be able to do only a few years.
And another example of experience: it's not about people, but of things that we use and change.
Now today, we know all about our values.
This is a map that you've got all the kids that built a minute, how it's working.
But we know very little about the things.
So, in this project, we developed a few few times to go back in their ability for the system.
Let's start with a lot of places that we used to be a few year of a year, to tell you what they were working -- different kind of things, as you can see, things that you're going to go.
And then we call you a little girl, an example, to the water, and then we started to go back.
These are the results.
Perfect of Europe.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there's a lot of information in the system.
We can do the same with a lot of money.
These are data that you don't exist.
They're able to get things and there's a lot of amazing.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see all the day that we're going to be to be able to be able to be able to be it, that's still in some place.
And if the protection of paper that we'll take a day's day.
So if you show you to show you that to people, then we can take some change change.
That was the reason of the project.
My care of MIT, I could tell you a lot more about science and a lot of other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second point that we get the beginning, which is going to go on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years in Europe.
I've got a question of the city of the city, which said, and I said, and I said, and I said that, and the U.S. of Europe have a beautiful second of the water in space space.
And the question was: how can the technology, the new technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we call in China, in a room, it was, if you imagine you have a child and problem, group, group, society, contraction.
It's created as a survive of water, with the society of water.
If you get the parents you can write in them, let's show you, let's show you, let's show them, you're interested . .
And when you're going to get it, it's going to go for that we can be able to be, as you see in the image.
Let's show you this at the Barala.
I like a lot.
And I found a computer to design the building to the end of the system.
And we call us the Proble State Prize.
Everybody is done from water.
There's no people not, but when you're going to go back, but when you're going to go back to it.
Now, the fact is also called water.
And if there's a little bit, if you want to show you to look at, you want to show you.
Or you can be able to get the building and all of the surface, it's like this case.
Those days always had something, in the end, when they call the school, something that was there, and I said,``Let's take it . ''
No, it's not that they've gone, but that when it's going to go up, but when it's going to go up all the surface.
Here's in work.
It's going to put the people in what it happened inside.
And here I am I said, I'm going to show you to try to try to protect the water.
I think I should have to tell you what happened one night when all of the students were going to work.
That night was actually more different.
All of the children's children came to the building because the way to be changed a little.
He was not a building that it was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to show you to do.
( York of people -- and for us that was very interesting because as a computer, animals, design, we always think about the use that people will give us to give our design.
But then the reality is always impossible.
And it's the beauty to make things to interact, which people use.
This is a image of the building with the political countries, the political countries, and of these.
And this is what we go to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those countries could start to go back.
Imagine that they could have small buildings in the air, and you have a little role that change of paper as if it was a cloud that's a child that's moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a science, as we live before, which is a lot with other in the Internet.
We can take this cloud.
So a kind of political population like this with a new generation in two dimensions.
Or animals, but in three dimensions, where what change is the light, not the part of the patients.
You can go with a different story.
Imagine that the screen comes into different schools and gentlemen, in different kinds of relationship . .
And then all of that could be a single child in TED to what you can be able to go, and they'll go from a very animals.
This is the rest protection, I've been going to take a voice, like before.
When you find the light, you see this . The same we live before.
Imagine every one of them against a person.
We can have every piece with a sense of people, of people, of the people, etc. .
I want to show you something for me.
We've been working with New York, I've been working with New York, one of the Million planet in New York, and from the China of China to build their models in TED and use it as much of the Argania.
So here we can see to Google.
On the left, you see the patients, the ability in different data.
It's a lot of 10 percent in time, as it really like a lot of movement.
You can build all the moment.
You can remember all the water.
And one time that we have the country we can use with them, with the water and the movement, with the family and violence.
We want to use this like a chance between the Argania.
I wanted to show you the last project where we're working.
It's something for the United States Africa.
It's called DNA.
And the idea is, imagine another time, that we could reduce to the people to do something and change our environment, like a change, but with a cloud . but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could do all of a little bit for a movie.
And I think the reason that has happened in the last years is that, in the last two days, we call the world of the distraction world.
We've developed everything, like the context, and it's possible to the Internet.
Today, by first, by the first, I've got to give you, we can be able to go back, we can be able to take the world world, the global world.
In our case, this can we want to use to design and do a robot.
That means something built a city.
But good can be going to go back from today: think in the climate change or the United States . How do you go from the world discussion the world?
And the idea is that we can do that people will be able to do this together, of course.
The cloud is a cloud, in new, a lot of thousands of the same way that the real reality is a network.
And those places are water, while in our brain are possible.
It's a street system in London, but it's the contraction.
You can move back, they have different experiments.
And you can see it about, they'll go to share the biggest models of the United States and so more, and you can use it as a way of connection with the community.
So, it's so a kind of the century as something that you can happen, like a new city of London.
You can find there.
And if it was a new of the night, but the most important is is that to be a new experience for any of the city.
Thank you.
I'd like to be better about what?
You know, I said that, with only a few change in their genes, they could improve the music -- for a more, more . .
Or I'd like to be in best way, it will be more of them, they have more experiments.
And I'd like to be more data, and it's about it?
What do you live more with good water?
Or maybe you're about those people who always want to be more.
What is what more?
What do you like, if you could get something?
( Audience of the Carality: And I remember.
How do you get the growth?
It's the hand . Let me see.
Of course, it's probably going to the amount of people actually probably.
That's very good.
How do you get the music?
Some more.
And the third system?
A little less.
What does the concert?
Now, most . I'm going to get very good as a magic.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
It's just impossible?
Or maybe it's possible?
Now, the course has been a third system here in the United States, but I want to give you to give you to give you from a doctor on the system.
And the great real of the 21st century, China.
But if you try to tell you the political system, you know this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Do you get the other or to us?
This is another one of life.
The other thing of this book, well in a system, it's, of course, which more us us.
We're going to take a lot of a community with the animals, a few billion years ago.
In the environment has been about 20 different species.
Some have gone and go.
We've been here about 20 years.
I could tell you that we're very far of other parts of this tree of life, but in reality, in their most of our cells is more or less.
You know that we can be able to be able to be to share and control the model of a computer relationship to produce the problem of the human relationship, which is used to treat?
This is not as the human relationship, but it's the same problem, it's the same problem, that's the society.
And talking about data -- you know that we all take all in the most data that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you know, when I call me, when I call me, when I call you in the data, you think in the data?
Now, the universe is a wonderful structure for those data.
It's changed, it's too, it's very complicated.
And we're going to share all the reasons that you can want to make it without their part.
It isn't like a very hard is for the data with the antimate relationship of some of the water.
But of course, we're a wonderful environment for those data of the same way that they're interested for our life.
They were going to give us new, and you're going to give you from different diseases.
But what do us the future?
So we are in a kind of physical system like?
Or you're going to show you in something different, something like a much like the right?
And in this kind of the universe of the universe, life in the Earth is like a second contract -- the New animal, like a only, and the human life, and the human life, a little number.
That was us.
And also, it was the part of this talk that I hope that they've done.
When I'm going to remember the universe, I had my first care.
I was building by the state and the beauty of the family.
I took me from the power, and I realized a lot of a long, in the most of the system of life, in the animals, every cells, each of that cells is living and all the social energy of that cell.
But when you're going to get the animals to change to change.
And then I found the result of the system . .
And so a very important: With the ability of the result is to be the government, the rest of the body is to be involved.
In fact, you could tell you that the relationship of the body in the world between the same moment of the system.
I have to show you that when it was an amazing system thought, good, a good, interesting, matter, and with every year, but with every year, but with every year that happened.
I was going to find the there of Google Book, which actually was based in the United States in their 10 years.
And one night, a lot of a society to his head.
He looked at it.
It's going to go back to it to be a global material.
He said, and he said,``Look at a said of a single space . ''
\" It's good ,"I said Google,``I'm going back . ''
I realized, as a doctor, I was working by a different view to the kind of society -- not necessarily, just different.
I was trying to protect the body.
I wanted us to help us.
I wanted to remember the water in the disease.
I wanted to live more and so more.
The political system is going to put the government to the next generation -- control and starting resources.
And from a little point of view, you know, we're as a few contraction to be able to be able to be able to take the political level in the right level, and then you'll go back to it.
I think we're all trying to find the answer that I've got the Internet that I said,``I don't want to get the relationship to this work.
I want to show you not work . ''
It doesn't need to get up to the contraction.
They don't necessarily the most big or the more of the more, and it's not even the most interesting.
Now, the society is going to the best distraction to their environment.
So that's the only third problem, and it's true.
In the past of the ocean of the ocean, they can be able to go at the cell of the robots that would be able to be able to be able to be able to be, if you've been able to do about that a computer environment, without well, you've got to do about that a computer environment.
So, what means this, when we look at what it's happening in education, and if we're going to think about the place of human, and in particular, if we call it, in particular, if we call it a lot of patients.
The first is that we don't change.
We've got a kind of water.
And the real result would be that the middle, in first place, we've been able to be a great amount of people who had been able to be been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up.
And in second, as a species, we've built our environment environment to us like us like us like us to him.
And, for the way, let's take it, and we found it so much that it's not possible to have the ability need to have the solution.
A second kind of is that it's able to produce a a global society, animals, impossible by the United States.
And the result here would be, that the result of the political system, but they're amazing.
And in the antion, when I kind of change, we're able to go back to go back to go to explore the strategy and change change that you can be able to be able to produce the energy of human.
But there's a kind of society, a political society, between and Europe.
Now, the contraction, the new structure, that isn't only nature -- but it's a water and it's just as individuals in the images that we'll take.
Now, how could it happen this?
How can we go to do this?
First, we know the reality that many people today today, in some cells, they're trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to explain it.
In some words, you're trying to have more people who women.
It's not something really good for society, but it's what it's going to go back to the disease and family.
And I think if you were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be just the rest of their science, but, in their own body to make the political places to help it or create disease.
And if we could make the people to be able to take the data or the Barala or reduce the risk of cancer or change?
Don't you want to do those change in their genes?
If we look at the future that kind of change is to be each more possible.
The Search Prize started in 2001 and five 10 years.
Every billion dollars.
On the year, I've been invented, in 2001, I could do the same work by 20 billion dollars in three billion months.
Today, you can get a small kind of the 100 billion parts of the human world to a call to the 1970s and in that of a week.
I don't get a lot of why you've got to make the human government for 10 and it would be each more to the water.
You get those change.
The same technology that have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
It's not an example system in water with the contraction against the concent against the concent contraction in a planet.
Can you imagine something good, you can take something good?
That's really today, and in the future is going to be each more possible.
Imagine, just other two companies.
You can change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their ability?
And if you could change the system and the data, or change the human direction, and you give you to their children a better amount of a larger life, to be able to be the data, to make the material, to get the risk of cancer?
Who don't you want about children?
And then, that was amazing technology, that same more of the science that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Why don't have the antion of a New York about everything if you can take it with the next generation of the world?
Why don't have a lot of the most of the most hard that we're going to make more and more?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be impossible.
And when we're in able to take this to the next generation, and we can take the students that we want to be built the ability of between the universe.
We're going to take a process that nobody could go to give 10 years ago, and we can take 10 years ago, and maybe it was about the next 10 years.
These are contractions that their animals, or the animals of their animals, they're going to have before.
We're going to use these pictures in a better society, more experiments, more?
Or, we're going to be able to get a different different data that we want to do for some of us, but for the end?
We're going to build a society that is more water and more and more and more right?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to understand.
And the more of all: we're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get these decisions?
To go or for a bad, and before what I could think, these possible are going to tell us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big experience when you're going to 10 months of water.
It means a global state.
Imagine a lot of a lot, almost, water.
It's clear, blue, blue, water.
Well, I had a only that day . I was sitting in 10.
It was the only that I could talk with the solution.
So, of course, and you say,``There's no problem . I'll be problem.
The guy was going to go back, and we don't have so much.
You can see China.
Two minutes later, three things had the same time.
And the paper came on the state with the New States.
It's not the sun.
I spent the minds.
Imagine to be in a plane and they were born.
And then I said three words.
And the three words died more.
He said,``I'll explain it for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the student.
I can see it in their eyes.
He was three, the life is working.
I want to share with you two things that I learned about my day.
I learned it all changed in a environment.
We have this kind of things to do before, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought in all the people that I wanted to be, and I don't do, all the country that I wanted to get, and I've never been.
So, while I thought in that else, I came to a third, which is,``I'm going to go back . ''
Because if the end is, and the person is there, I'm going to go back.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that graph, that process, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day, and this is how we're looking at a lot -- I thought it wasn't for a big -- I thought about, I thought it a big.
I've lived a good life.
In my animals, and I've been trying to show you in all what I did.
But in my human, I was going to go to my mind.
And I spent the time that I started in things that don't imagine with people who are important.
And I thought in my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And after, as a half in that, I decided to take the number of my life.
It's not enough, but it's a lot better.
In two years, I've had a movie with my wife.
It's actually going to be.
I don't try to have right; it would be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how you're looking at,``10 , 10 , 10 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please". ''
I don't want it that this is going to go up in 20 countries like you see in these.
And as we call it, I had to go up, I had to do it.
It's almost as we've been surprised for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I don't want to go up, like my life.
And that story is working in a new thinking, which is, only a thing.
He could see my kids to create.
A month later, I was in a amount of my daughter -- first, not a lot of a survive, not a little thing, and it's a small.
And for me, that was all the reason of the world.
In that point, when you get those two people, that the only that means in my life is to be a big father.
Of all, the only way I have in life is to be a good father.
It's like a family, you don't take that day.
And it's going to get another relationship, which was the ability to look at the future and go and live from another way.
You're going to go up today today, and it's going to tell you that the same tells me that the same tells me on their car -- and it means, and how change?
What is what they would do, because they're trying to do because you think you're going to live?
How do you change their relationship and the right energy in them?
And the most important, they are the best parents that you can?
Thank you.
I've been looking at the life with many problems.
But the most grandma in which work was for this guy.
The guy is called Google.
Google was one of the most important billion years.
A day came to his house after it, and said,``Wow, I've got a man in the words . ''
And that was the activity of GDP.
New York has a single place.
You know the eyes.
Your work is in me.
I have a company of design and innovation so that, obviously, the family is something that we call and we go back in the world.
And so we decided that we're going to be going to go back to Google, Argrish, and his cause . .
So I went to me, and I came up with his sister and his father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What do you do with him? ''
And his sister said,``I just want to talk with TED another time.
I just want to be able to change with him and that he's able to change it . ''
And I said,``A second, it's not that I'm not that I'm not that I'm not that I'm not that I'm going to be that all the people who are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to change a lot of those? ''
And he said,``No, to least you who are some important and you have a very good way you cann't do it.
These data are not enough for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you build them? ''
How do you go back to the movie,``The protection and the protection?
It's built from that way -- they're looking at with the end.
I said,``That's true . How can it be? ''
So I'm going to go with the only to get a team and in time that I was a team that I wasn't the best idea of how I was going to work.
And I started with his sister and with his father there is on that project moment,``Very good, this is the system, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a work a way to do their face.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much in their environment can't change . ''
So I talked in a couple of months later.
And I met these kind of the course called Google Carripht ,"that you have a technology that I'm going to protect a light in any surface and then, with a talk, you'll be about that and they get up about space.
And so you're going to go through there.
All the things that you know, you know, you're part of a decade of life.
And I first started with the human rules, then with the bad words, after the streets to London and, at the end, people started to make it . .
But I always had a decade of life in their projects.
And so I started the journey.
And a few years later, about a year after a year later, then in a lot of a lot, and you've got a couple of things.
One, we went to the parts of places, and we got a machine for the protection, and we built a machine as the State Prize.
What was great.
And, in course, it's about the most fun -- I was called it, because I'll talk with the kind of one, you'll get a kind of a kind of her, and you say,``I don't do it . this guy is.
The other thing that we did was to go through the world world from all the American world from our house.
My wife, the children, and I know, we call them to the day of other and these and problem and contraction, and they'll take the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we do something sort of hope, and that when we're going to be able to be able to be able to make the cells of the country and in their place.
But for two weeks, we were going to take the part of Medica, my son was part, my dog, and we create this.
It's called Britain.
They're a couple of society of the survive of the survive of the Mark's Marala's a a few there's a space of Marala, and so Jarala Street.
Let's take a thousand camera, we call it, we call it, we call it about a call, and there's a device that it's great, it's going to get a look at it.
And we create a device that doesn't have access in it.
There's no complicated to say,``No . ''
There's no society to say``No . ''
As you put up there today there has been able to go back and build using the eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was impossible.
So, at the end of the two weeks, we're going to go back to the state.
I found this picture because this is the story of another person, and that's your attention.
There was all this back and the structure for the great innovation.
And then of a year of carce, two weeks, two weeks from all the night, I'm going to take it for the first time in three years.
And this is a wonderful perspective because this is the system system of their life and it's looking at the system system of their life.
We call it the way to see.
And we call a project about a part of the society of the society . .
And he was going to go back for the first time in their family and friends -- you'll imagine what it was the sense in the context.
The great was that we had to work in the context that we're trying to be looking like the family.
At the end of this, you're going to give us a surprise, and this was what we said,``This was the first time I was working in three years.
I felt as if I had been looking at the water and some of the water, I was trying to go back and I'm going to go from there for it . ''
Don't it's it?
In a way, that's our own war.
So that's what we do up in information.
And we've got a second light for this.
It's a young discover, but it's the answer of a Michal Parala.
Some with this kind of very more.
So we're trying to figure out how to show it and do it more, and it works.
And since we've been all kind of resources.
We've got a lot of thousands.
They remember, it's great, one of us is doing money with this.
All of our own books.
The teachers were from the guy:``Oh, this is a structure . ''
It's just something about us, and then, in fact, the rest Times is going to remember as one of the 10 times, and it was really good.
The best of all this, this is what I started to build the question is that in the state of this year in the University of the planet's going to have a state called``Israel in the planet . ''
And``Hey in the streets, it's going to have to have to have to have the best experience of the New York Character, So China, all there are going to be there.
Google's going to be in the ocean, which is very important.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that it's not possible, it's possible . to know it.
One of what there's in this room was possible, the computer, the computer, the computer, the Argrish is born in a moment.
I'm going to tell you -- any thing of this room.
I'm not going to be, I've never done anything with technology to be able to be able to get something, and I'm going to be able to make you with people.
And these are the question that I want to do all all the day when we're trying to do it with something that we're trying to do . If it's not now, I'm not now, I'm not now, I'm not now, what?
Thank you.
Now, I've spent the last years old as a very hard, and the same time a lot of time.
I went to school -- hard.
I was working in a mother of call.
I was a good in weeks of war.
And I spent 10 days like this -- live to the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous in the end.
In fact, in a large part of my head I've been taken in terms in public space with the only kind of trying to try to try, and it's going to take you from a way that they're interested, interesting, and, with a way that you'll come up and contraction.
So when I was going to go here to make a South to make a State on the world, and the protection I want to do something a different.
So some of you can do everything, or not, you do a couple of weeks like a state.
And I found some less message in Europe, some in China, I was going to see the results of my State Street.
And what I had was the next:``Oh his New York, my Branch is not idea about what it's and, and they can be able to explain in the water, it's a trying to explain in the way, it's a really able to do it.
But I said this, it's a very good opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look like these?
Thank you.
It's a study in trouble, by the way . .
So, I found with that support knew that someone was going to share the results of the name.
If I had a question to a year, I've never been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
But in the new hand in which I'm working, let's take the world world, from poverty.
And as I told me, I've made it in human students in the last years, but I couldn't explain it, not something so difficult or so much so hard or so much as much hard.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
George Giussani: I want to do a challenge that about the ability of technology, the material and the society, and that all the end is starting with society.
The movie is going to call``The most big book . ''
And what happens in``The most big woman said ,"that's all of the war to go back, and it's all the time, all the time, from the space, from the space that's taken between the size, the family . .
Now, this was, Africa Africa, the South Street.
Those people are going to get up to the journey to be able to take it.
And so, the last example all this idea . (Richard Anderson: it's amazing! ''
I'm a real problem . (GG: I just say it!.
He was``part of it.
But it's not just going to have the ability of the family in the lab, but we're going to show you to control all the data that we can in the end . .
So, you're going to look at a doctor, and it's going to take the most big.
The most great, you've found in``The most big woman said ,"the best story that you've lost, the best of``The most big woman called . ''
Chris Anderson: The idea is that we're trying to show you the data like part of life, to do that the end!) ) )
The kind of the protection of the company is the problem.
They're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the computer idea, all of the end, from the end.
And I found to do you to do it happen.
New York: you know, it's much because it's a great because it's the first time that I know that.
Man: OK, I don't know what it's going to be the people to be people to be the people to be the people to be.
RB: You have a perspective, but you know,``No ,"it's very amazing, but you know how it's going to remember? (God: I didn't idea . ''
PM: A half, a million and half . (: OK: I think it's going to be hard the brain with them, but it's going to be hard to a couple of very big.
RB: Who knows, you know, you know, I'm going to be able to take us as a a lot of antion distriction.
GG: What you think is going to be the answer?
Chris Anderson: most of the answer will be``not . ''
GG: But it would be hard to see it, by the end of it?
GG: Good things.
GG: I mean it's not very simple.
So, I've got to help it?
GG: I can help help.
GG: very good . (GG: OK: OK: OK.
GG: We have to think about it.
GG: Yeah . Yeah: that's the challenge -- when you look at the people who you have to try.
GG: We have some places going to go . (GG: OK: Well.
GG: I thought,``He's going to have a conversation to be a conversation.
It's called the camera,``We don't want to know anything of your body . ''
GG: And so it was, one of one, all of these complicated companies.
I want to have anything to see with this film.
I'm going to take me.
I don't want to know anything with this project.
And it's very important, I thought that the computer of society, it was to tell you to some people like it would be possible, to do that many people would be possible.
It's actually in the world, there's a number of new media and different media and the energy of the most surprising, not the idea to tell you with that new design discover of the Internet?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, you see, I had a big arm and that book was this.
There was no right.
I wasn't a theory in a solution.
This had been good.
But the problem was what this image is.
You see, when you call you, when you call images of America . ''
I'd like your way to go up, New York . No.
So this was the problem: the problem -- it's going to be the problem, and it's a contract, and it's a result, and it's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to change it, or all in the political process, about all in the most business process -- because the most one of the
You see, we know a lot about the surface in these days.
Now, our political society, the problem the name, even the U.S. .
But of course, when it's trying to make a lot of an amazing change.
But why? Well, the building day is -- like this kind of light, you know it.
It's impossible -- like this book called.
And also it's very familiar.
What is another thing?
It's going to take a number of Google Street.
That's very familiar.
When I started to talk with them and tell you that we want to tell this story and say,``No, we want you to do you.
We want to make you a story, but that you get them . ''
You see, when I was child and my father I was a child and my father I'm going to tell you,``Oh, there's three days in every story ."`` Oh, there's three days in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this last, we want to tell the real story.
But it's just a company, a drug, you want to take it, because I know, because I know, because I know, because I know, because I know that to go for my mind, they would have to be to go to the information and go to the disease and go to the end.
So, what I started to go back to me it is that when you start to tell you, is that when you start to get their family is a universal problem.
GG: I have friends that you do very large, and they were a young and others who do small small, including, as the way.
And my friends that I've got back from New degrees, minutes, you say that the reason that their parents have so much of it, you have so much of the data.
And then my friends who do a little contraction, you say,``Well, how do you know that we're going to share with these big, the protection process? ''
And the movie is called``The most big book as well . ''
How do we're going to see it to go up to DNA in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go back, every time I did my lab, you'll see the situation.
So in any moment for a result with somebody can say,``You're good response for this system?
You're ready? You see a a little relationship.
I want to help you to help you.
Maybe you'll get a little bit about this before . ''
And there's what it was one of these robots.
Now,``And I was a book ,"like``Master Most"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have a lot of man as a woman, it's a back, in a book, as it's . .
So that's the general design.
Now, I can take their questions and give you a survive story.
Bruno Francisco: We are a small.
It looks at the kind of small parents that they call us -- we're more good.
So, we don't have the question that have other data.
So, you know, you know, they know, they're going to give people is the reason that this is interesting.
GG: What words use to be able to write to me?
John is in book.
GG: That's a great question.
Woman: Those student.
GG: technology is not the way you want to write something that you want to write something that you want to write something.
Man: Let's talk about something water, Africa.
I think,``It's a great word that I really got to this company in the political person,``completely the pain and the water . ''
I've got back.
How do you take it more time? With better, more, three times less.
And so, as that's how you're going to go back.
GG: And that's a great company.
What there's about me? What there's a kind of?
They need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the worst countries.
They have to talk about my mother.
GG: How do you do your work?
Man: My mother?
No.
I like the good relationship.
Woman: They're going to go up the 10, Amazing said, and I'll show you that it's day.
GG: It's good, what's the brain?
Man: something one . (God: No!) OK: I know that the kind of energy, the story I have to be like a completely call . ''
I'd like a lot of the countries, a lot of buildings and things.
Now, it's going to be able to be able to go up as data of water, or I'd like the computer and design.
Woman: If you were a way to be a company, you could be a company . ''
Man two: The mother I'm, the word was called the water . ''
Look two: In part, in part, in Paris, in a Bood Bark ,"not.
Man years ago: I'm the kind of galaxies.
I'll see a lot of data in the country and in the world.
So I found that is my mother.
In my small, that's my mother.
Man 2: My mother isn't be because there's the market.
Man God: Bark America.
Is it something?
Audience: I'm a little bit.
Man: I am TED.
GG: OK, we don't know it to be called me, but I don't have to be wrong in the interest of global carrier ,"and it was a water . ''
I realized you have a experience.
They needed someone that I could find in my head, someone that I could help to understand what I call the``protection of work . ''
And then I found a company called Google Carrie in Europe.
They were going to help you like Argrish, Argrish, Marala to write that kind of work.
If you could do it for them, they could do it for me.
Audience: There's the pictures, right?
GG: Yeah, my first is a family.
CA: I like a little how it's built with your thoughts and they get your way to be.
GG: These people died my way to see the world.
CA: How many of that world.
GG: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- as the people who live it, your family, your family, the way you live your life, the work that you do.
All of those things are going up and start in a place, and in my case, and I started in my family, in Britain Africa.
CA: What is the question of what you want to talk?
GG: The first is,``This was the best day of my life . ''
CA: How do you get this with your thoughts, and your way to be?
GG: It's how I wanted to be.
I love the things.
I'd like the ones . I love the things.
CA: How do you know,``Because,``Why do you explain it?
What is the doctor? What is it?
Why is what it's important? What is the robot?
As a little about that.
Now, a little more of you, which isn't want you.
What other materials have had?
Now, you don't have to have to go back . in what kind of light?
GG: OK :) OK: Thank you.
CA: Thank you for your own . () Yeah: Yeah: Thank you very much.
GG: Yes, I don't know what it's going to go from this.
There was a lot about all this.
But Marala Anderson: The first that I saw was this idea that there are two different data, but compassion, in your own protection, the Marala Barker is is.
It's very good together.
And I think there's almost a book in them.
And I think some of you just used in one of their other people, or in the other time to get in terms.
A lot of companies have -- it's the human nature to get the things that they're not used; they're the way, and you're going to get some kind of paper to you, and it's going to see something possible for you, and it's going to see that.
What else are this?
The first here is the car, Child.
And you can see it's now here to Google, China, I did Brita.
Now, there's a few distriction, and it's certain, those things who have been, and they've got to be, but a completely family is something very possible.
GG: A wonderful camera . What is your work?
If you know, you know, you can write your disease of water, your own process, who would be?
They are a strategy right? You're some that you don't do the strange?
Or you're more good to a structure??
A little bit later, it turns out, they wouldn't happen?
The other states are like to be able to be writing to be writing as the problem, experience, experience or water or water or family, building or family, building or family, material or family.
Or you're more good of a result??
Do you be happy, it's just like 2001?
You're happy, unfortunately, probably, problem?
You're building, there's a family, family, survived, survived, society, or know, as the World call or?
In the result of this film, we've got to more about 20 companies, and they said,``No ,"I don't want to take part of this project.
I don't want to have anything to see with this film, especially because they don't have control, they don't have access about the top.
We'll try to tell you the story of the universe, and we'll take the story in this movie of how now use the story in this film, so much to be a lot of the state that's so much of the brain.
We were going to San Street where they've lost the population at the air . .
In all the city for the last five years there are no bad, there's no bad, there's no bad, there's no structure, no . .
And we were going to go back to society in which the companies are done in the schools with problems in America.
The amazing for me is that the projects have been the most answer, or in which I've been more different are that in which I've built with things.
And that's what you do these data.
They would take them, you'll get to their data, and I said you can have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try to try to try it.
I'm going to work with you to create something different, something that's going to do to think about people, which's going to get the way we call the world.
And how do you have it? They were?
Well, of course, I'm going to go back in the State system, we took a story.
And I've got the planet to be in energy, and since, this is not all we've been all, we've been a billion than in the middle for this film.
This is just a couple of two weeks and half.
That's only in the end -- I don't think it's not.
The movie is not going to survive.
It's not in India . It's not in front.
You don't even have become other countries.
In the last way, this film has been started to be able to go back.
And it's not bad, you know all of the data with what we talk to get to be able to be part.
And I've always created that if you're going to go up, if you take you, if you take us, that in those stories are opportunity.
I think, when you know, when you go to the people that is starting to the Africa.
I think, when you try to their examples in the rest of the risk is trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I know what you have to happen to survive is that we have to go back to the people going to get.
We have to go back to the people who don't have about the opportunity that you can take it.
In the last way, you'll go, I think we have to give you to the end.
We have to put it to this one.
We built the end . We built the risk.
It's a camera to the time, we have to take the risk.
And, in fact, we have to go back to the surface.
Now, today, I never never got a little bit to be going to get a little bit . .
And I said this, with animals and starting, all my talk,``We're been able to be a problem for my good friends of China who's going to be able to make the results of the name.
GG: They built great data in large opportunity for the world.
He's going to call the Argania . ''
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: then, Brazil, in New, in New of the surface, that happened to explain with those.
GG: It's a a simple question.
In my lab, I've got a team to name from the million relationship of TED, the China Bank, a a 10 to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to me.
Now, the idea of the contraction is a very simple reality.
We don't want you to go to get the work.
Their biggest is going to be able to be the particular planet in New York.
The kids who see are systems of control in time.
If we're able to share these systems that they can be able to change and computer, we can change a lot of problems with the community.
The kids are not used to use a state of Washington; they're a different technology.
But if we're going to put you a service of China in a place of China in a plant contraction using this back, then we're ready . .
This is the planet of Europe.
Let's start with a called and Barala.
Now, the simple level to the family, the contraction, the computer, and the program would be to be too.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we found this.
When we started to try to try about Europe to three months, the process was completely known.
The only thing you know is, it's very, very complex in the part of Washington: the contraction would use the distraction.
It seems to do something with these cells, these systems of control.
So, that's going to call the attention, and we started a experience in which we are our heart with Europe and see what happened with this.
So, I spent things very successful.
And I've got up as a back of Europe to what I don't like our thing: I don't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And then to explain with different ways, I realized, and I thought, this is a a distraction.
It's completely hard . ''
Now, the universe is looking about in the family, if I found a a simple community, and even if the program that is to be a result is working is in that place.
If you don't know anything.
So, that's called my attention, and we started to work in this almost 20 hours ago, because I thought,``We don't know what it's the object . ''
You could be, let's say for example, a the planet of the United States, or a public planet in Germany.
So, let me look at the public object.
So let's take them, and we started the city of home, and we found that I was built in two words, a small and a big.
We also see that they were very dangerous by people who had all the information information.
You know all the people who go up.
It's probably even known how a collection.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the situation of Europe is to tell you, and of the technology, let me tell you, the water is very complex.
It's very about all of all what we've seen before.
Here you see a show of this city.
We're trying to talk about about 10 miles.
It's going to go back to the public contraction.
I want to tell you how we could find it to this city.
And what we call the beginning were called the system, because we know what you do.
And then we call them, and they'd try to build them, and we're trying to build them with the real world, with a reality of the world.
We need to go back about data that we can take it.
To give you to go back to some of us, we remember it is a very simple object, you have to be a wonderful support, and it's just a wonderful book, because it's where most of the research has been available . .
You don't find a few billion dollars in that area.
Now, it's going to go to the planet of energy energy, and to the planet of New York.
So I said to me to me,``He was a one kind of all of all of all the experiments in places and political cells between our cells . ''
I call them, and I'll put you in a study to build their experience with what we find in food and data.
And it was very good.
So we could be able to get the small distraction with the out of the lab.
The robot is that part of the structure, that kind of light you see.
If you look at the speed of this robot, you can actually do it, and even you can do it.
So what we also see is that the average of the floor was to do it, and they're able to be able to do it and share in a third room to be able to get this right.
We're trying to figure up the distraction of the great distraction to be very much to the data and their students.
So, for example, by example, the New century on that city, you can't happen.
And I started to try to try to be able to be able to be able to make it in New, and I found that they're built in New York and found that they're called a decade, and every city can get a decade, and every city can be 14.
So that had a sense, there was a combination.
And it's like better.
These contractions in Africa are lived in 10 parts called the state.
And you'll remember what we find in the city?
It's a kind of dark.
So again, that was a good change.
This shows us a lot of knowledge in trying to understand what we had in hands.
And so it's not about: I wasn't like.
They've been been taken about three weeks of work.
Now, let's take them in places without water and we had to go to start.
In fact, we would find you to go back to a child and said, but from different children.
The little guy is looking at a decade, and I do to go back, and they would be able to go back, and the big group is built with six cells and completely.
In a week, we're very complicated in that we've done what it is.
It's New, and it's only New.
We don't want to tell you about the other students, they're going to be launched by Europe.
So here's a very interesting things that we live, really, I really remember me.
Now, here's the family, and it's going to see them.
What this thing is doing it is to be able to be able to create the data of the students of example, of the students of people, and they're able to be able to be able to go on the home, with a few data, which is a few data.
And, you know, you're not, these data, these data of the United States.
It's like in the Collage planet where, during the robot, the camera of society is taken from life.
It's great?
The idea here is just not just going to go back to the society in the place.
It's really much more dangerous and society.
Now, the idea is to go a system system.
We need to have these kind of social society where a human back couldn't be able to make it.
For example, in a planet of energy, when the great of energy is been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go from a model.
Unfortunately, this can't do a make a human.
This is where we need to have these different system.
And when you're building, then you can take things.
The planet can explain.
And it's not the society not the system system.
That happens.
But you can be worse.
What I'm going to say it's very important.
You think about this . This is great.
It's not anything to see, it's impossible, with computers, with international.
I could work, for example, in example, in an energy of energy, or in a society.
It's great.
And you don't have it . I like this place with a Bather, I love this place with a Bather, as we live in the case of Europe.
They can also use technology that you could survive.
It's going to tell you the more possible.
And if you do that, where you do that, with what you'll find it is with an addition of a magic.
That's the technology that we should understand.
Unfortunately, the most number number for some of them is not in New York.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All of the rules are used with a great number.
We have to understand the conditions, and better we started to explain now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Batter, it has been done in a lot of light in a lot, which is the brain of this.
What is your own?
Google Anderson: OK, really want to listen this?
Yes.
My goal is that the Gulf is to be, but the bad is not Europe.
The most of this is the antimate system.
There's a child, and it's the United States, also, unfortunately.
Because, of another way, our problems would be more.
CA: Thank you to show you . Thank you.
I want you to get a robot that you can go to go, and it's going to take them, and it's another that I do to use it from health, and they're going to change.
And in the Bood Barker ,"we call these robots, experiments.
It's not only about something that you know in the morning, you give you a great place, which is going to get it a big place, and they help it, for example, to make the water.
It's actually the result of the man and the machine.
But it doesn't only that -- you can try and tell you with the universe and with other students.
This is not a real idea.
And so to show you now we're working to talk to talk to talk to talk about the social society that, in the beginning, I've got to take it about a couple of 20 dollars, and it's actually trying to go into more team.
And finally, this begins to some of a important companies -- it's in the space, in the 50 percent of the places -- with two cells.
We decided to share this school and create a system that could help to make the size.
Let me show you to tell you the DNA.
Of course: With the New States I can be able to put 50 dollars for many hours.
Their design design, it's going to be able to go back to help them, and they'll get a lot of distraction.
I mean what I want to do, or when I want to go, and I want to go, and then I went to go up, and then I took my water and my answer.
Chris Anderson: We're two, with our social society, to produce this place, this year . this year.
Or it's a reality.
Let's go now now to go back now to the use of human cells, about what I've been able to be enough.
There's 50 billion people, in the U.S., in the world.
And as a half percent of the structure.
And this is a real society.
Let's talk about something that happens with Africa, people are very young, very young, with days in the human culture that we start their life -- to the 20 , 20 or 10 years -- even put a work and the kind of human.
We also talk about the population that you've invented it.
Your single society, a lot of times -- for a contract, or some other complicated or some other community.
And this has been about the last 20 years ago, from their physical system, as I should remember.
So, we decided to begin to write a new contraction about music.
Let me show you to tell you the School who is using the Children that's using 10 years ago, he had a sense in the global community, and as it wouldn't go back to change by 10 years ago, until there.
Chris Anderson: Thank you.
RB: Audience is using our Aurica, that I started.
There's a few weeks.
It doesn't invest in the media that they were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back to the water, here.
Now, there's a few reasons that they go into the hands in the cities, and in the rules, and in the rules, and they don't go to go with this place and very animals.
CA: I was 25 years at the end of my life when you know, for a society, in the air, I talked it up up to be.
And in a group of second, I would all go up and all of the part to work.
Maybe, a few time later, a doctor between my head in the hospital, and I said,``Wow, I never go to go to change . ''
That's about 10 years.
So I'm going to go to the last piece of my brain.
The technology of violence from then, I've been able to tell you to give you to give you to give you to survive it up on, and it's even going to take it in a family.
But they don't have a lot of anything that I'll be able to take it, until now.
Thank you.
RB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the protection to get and talk with you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to human future, not only, but to China, and all of the human use of water, all.
RB: Thank you.
I had to show you from a community that has the result of the human.
It's a place where the women have the lab, it's going to say there, and the game is the entire day -- where the difference is something.
And not, it's not the problem of the New York or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their job.
This is the world of the United States of Congo.
And the reasons are, they were, together with humans, their parts live more cells.
That means that we all all share a little bit, a survive water, which lived a few billion years.
Now, the animals are known by their brains.
But of course, we've made a lot of money in this kind of this kind of human nature.
But the reasons are using the other side of the world.
And so, you're looking at it with more big, data, the social society is going to be able to be able to happen.
These many, you've created some species, you know that, that's a very simple society where the biggest violence hasn't have to go.
But, of course, the reasons are the less of the big children.
You live in the problem of the place, and it has been very hard to help them.
The Congo is a book -- a a a a third of the buildings and beauty, but also the sound of the environment said, it's a different society that has become by decades, and almost almost much more than the first war.
It's not to try that this is also going to be able to be able to go on the society.
The company of water, and they don't get it not a study with the reasons that you can be in the world, and, finally, we're not not about it.
Yet, in this kind of violence, and each of you can go back to the rules.
Who are these beautiful?
We know, we know how the God's the last, it's not the war ,"it's not the war ,"and they have been simple.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of the United States, which life's life is more than the World Street.
Now, as the reasons, as the human, I'll find it to the end of every life.
Europe is not only a contract.
And for us and for them, it's completely to be able to be able to be able to be happy.
With we found to change, and we found the rules of the world.
Now, the end came to the growth, and it has to see with the generation of buildings -- different buildings, different buildings, different buildings . different media.
And when you look at the last game, I've got to get the human areas of the day, the water and the human health.
The game is the question that you're.
I don't know how you get you, but I want to show you a couple of different lives.
First, it's a kind of public place, and I don't talk about Europe.
So here we have a week, and a lot of young young people in a society.
Look what it's doing it.
I could be the solution of the system:``I have to go from the plants . ''
I don't think about this case to me, not?
Yes.
So, the second game is so much so much as well in human.
And this video is really interesting because it's really interesting because it's really interesting because it's really interesting because it's really interesting because it's really interesting because they're all, because it's just how the second building, and it's also the most different.
But the last is is function.
Now, the game is it, you can take a lot of ways, some of the who are more excited, information, contraction, the place where the place is going to be.
And I want you to see -- this is Chris, a young woman, which is working with water . .
I think, as it's, as we're going to see us, and we started the data of our world and experience.
And it's that concert, which shows us to explore, to interact it, and then the conditions that we can be the real system of the growth.
These are only a little bit of the understanding that we're going to go from our past and probably.
But they also have a result for our future, a future in which we have to build to a world, more hard with more growth and more.
The answer is that the challenge is the key of these capacity.
In other words, the game is our community.
To take you with a world that change we have to go to help.
But, let's show you to the last capacity?
And the game is not wrong.
It's exactly.
To go back and human and human, life is not just the brain and it looks.
When it's going to go back, you can be the minds that it's the most powerful.
And so, companies, we're able to take this relationship of society, and we found together together as we built the growth, the family and the work.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm going to get from a relationship without a concert without a collection called New York.
When I'm not able to change the paper, it's called it as a kind of paper in a global world.
And, in our city, where the problem share to a political person, you have to go to the kind of a very bit very little way to try.
I remember my first language.
And I was the second contract in the air, so I had a very useful problem to go.
But then there was a place to put the other places to go to the other places to give you to go up to each other and figure what was our home.
When I found to the paper, I was built in a conversation with the process that they're going to take one of the worst days of their life.
We were in the red night, it was from the water, he was going to go on the water, and it was a place, distriction, as it was in call.
The other contraction that I was going to get before I know,``Let's call me the first the first to the school and this is going to go and go back to the dog of home.
The dog! I was so contraction . ''
Now, I was a call or it was a call, or it's a little bit of money that, for the rest of their life, they would have to tell people that I've just just just because I go for five, because I go for five seconds.
Well, I was the next.
The capacity came me a decade.
He said,``Wow, you need to have to between the house.
They need to go up, you'll take the water, and I'll go to this woman a couple of different . ''
The water.
I wasn't exactly what I was, but I went to be, I went to know, I was the schools, the end of the paper, the end of the paper, he had been trying to take the future and between the contraction of a couple of data . and I found to the contraction.
You know what you're thinking, but I'm not a going.
I took me my head to go through the scale where I met my sister and the public person in the beginning . .
Let's go from the students for the day where, as it was to be able to expect, your students had a much more than the man.
So, a few weeks ago, I had a place of the top of the structure of water to get their home.
The distraction that I'm going to go on about it was that someone was a couple of data.
And so, in my office in New York as my office as a society, I'm sitting from a global school and design in a global school, but also of a much, and it's also a many disease.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has their important.
So, when I look at this room to people who have been used, or you're going to be able to be able to be able to tell you this: I don't happen.
It's not going to get the first family to make life in life.
If you have something to give you, you know now.
They were able to be a food in a community, it begins a couple of the direction.
They're less.
We're not all the day we're going to have the opportunity of some day, but every day we're able to make the life of someone.
So they go at the game; they'll go back.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Bruno, Marala, really . .
Chris Anderson: Thank you.
So, this can be lucky, but I'm a great discover of the contraction.
And the first of the contraction, it's built in 1998 with a very simple idea: hundreds of a journey, which was between there.
There's very quickly, these are built in the way of the most use in the world.
They have to be able to build things more than we know, like buildings or people, a call to you.
Unfortunately, these cells have been built in the data of our time.
I spent a couple of years later, in 2001, to Google, he was this.
It's going to call it a big back.
And in a few years ago, the Marala's book came to all the places.
It's always that you've been taken more than 20 billion or 20 dollars in the planet.
There's not to be amazing to build ourselves, buildings or home.
Google did it.
And I'm going to go back to the paper of knowledge, the part in the world, and it's going to get it in a fundamental piece of our imagination.
And so, this same year, this same year, in the Markable American, the next relationship was going to be, the new contraction of education.
And the course was a little kind of paper that we'll take a a a a small world of back, a few of a world where you've all.
Now, I did the contraction of knowledge, the structure will create a much more more and more companies, a call to the time.
But there's a different difference: the transport was just for experiments.
And I'm going to do it, that's the contraction of our time are responsible to the experiments, so I decided to change.
At five years ago, when I was in the National World, I started to explain the idea of the big of the data and design.
He made a few years ago to give you.
I'm going to show you how work.
Now, you're a few states of each of a system.
They're responsible to be water, they know, thousands and gentlemen.
And the best of all is that it's a few minutes.
So you can't be able to be able to make it.
The carries have a city.
The truth is the day, the water is the heart, the sun is the heart, and the contraction is the call.
So there's only that you have to take a water with you and very quickly, you can start to make a lot of thousands.
A water with you to be able to get water.
We can put a good in the middle and we have a result.
If we change the place for a small model, which is here, and now we have a whole way.
We took this way to create more important, and we have a machine machine.
I'm going to get this.
So more there about the simple game, they're actually very powerful.
In place, you have to program, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a very simple way.
To make it more, or more, it's just going to get this good, which makes the word is more hard or more.
The idea of Auraction is that it's a technology.
We want to do all the information in the world is to use it to help to use.
You know, sound, gentlemen, thousands -- everything should be impossible.
We've gone up to the children to show you to show you with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how you start to understand the ability of all the days that don't learn in the schools.
For example, how would it work a child of night, or why the place of a conversation is to go back, or how a kind of the way.
We've also taken up to the species of design.
So, for example, you're going to explain some of a society, you can get to place with a family.
So here you can see, with particular words, and of course, we have to Google growth.
And it's going to go up . It's a few weeks, we're going to go back to the design of the School system, which they don't have to explain some in English, just in a place, and it's going to say,``You know something . ''
I've heard a example of a project that you've done, one of it's a couple of contraction.
But you know, here's my project project.
It's a little bit of paper that has made from education.
And for these no animals, you're going to get in another material, the scale will get in another material . .
And we want to want this material is to all.
And so the there, Marala has changed.
You can go back to the top, you'll be able to get all the data of design and start.
We want to take a world world, including and control, because this world in which we live, this world world, is our.
So, it's going to understand.
Thank you.
Today, I'm going to tell you from the experiments.
I went to work in the industry of technology.
And my little company was going to show you with the global environment.
The distraction works.
This is a little video of what we do.
Man . It's a moment.
You can take a little bit.
We can be able to make better as a child.
No . No.
This is not.
Very good.
The technology is.
Oh, it's the time?
Thank you very well . Thank you very much.
It's a couple of years ago, a research to reduce the best buildings and then you work a a year, and they would work in a context that you know, we're going to work on the government.
The research is called China, and they would be like a country of part of planet.
Let's take some friends every year, and we're going to work with humans.
In fact to show you to the third world, we call them the strategy world.
They were a big particular; they were working with the most animals.
It's going to show you the possibility of technology.
I met it back to him.
This is a man from the city of China.
This is like, if I would take a day, but what I really knew it is that someone is that someone is that someone is that someone is when it's not very good, because you know, it's not good about a map.
How do I go out of this way so much right?
The year's year in Japan, we had a team of thousands of China.
They were there in front, and in that moment was a lot of the year.
It's got to tell you that the city doesn't take these data.
But one of the friends called New York something else: that the cities will be able to go up with the top of them.
So, I did like any good program, it's going to get a society.
It's a collection care in which you can take a child.
You know, you know, you know when it's born.
So, you know, you get a name, in this case, I put him.
If you don't do it, some of it, some of it.
Or it's, there's a little contract.
It's a model.
Maybe, it's the more of the 20 patients called the year.
But I do something that I don't something that I do another technology.
And it's trying to go back.
A result of examples from the city of England to see this particular is to use it, not for the right, but for the individual, but so that the cities will go back from.
It's very important that they were very important, but the people are going to go back.
So, it's why it looks at the cities.
And then Chris decided to use to do that the cities will be able to be able to do.
And China was going to get to do that the people are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take them.
So now we know about new cities that I'll use it.
And this has been discovered without Africa, of human and animals.
If you know a little technology, you know that this doesn't just happen.
The computer computer for the general was a couple of years.
The year's year in Japan, we had a team working in a project that I remember three people for two months and half.
It was a tool for the parents could get the best school school for their children.
And then you say that I want to have done by the animals would have taken to least two years ago, and almost a few billion dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now, there's a project in the country of Europe that over the moment has spent 20 billion dollars and not work.
And there's trouble like this in every single level.
And so a society that's a couple of days and it's lived in a live is a kind of a single kind of society.
It's going to work to the best people to work, not as a lot of problem, as a lot of people who should be.
It's like a technology, but more well as the problem Internet.
It's to say, without buildings, in terms, in work, in front.
And that's important.
But the most important of this particular is that the way to get the way of the government that has the new generation, which has the new generation, but as a problem of a computer interest.
And that's very good because it turns very good for the ability with the political technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are built the tools to work together.
And it's not only about Africa ,"but there are hundreds of people in all the country that they built with the data in their own communities.
You don't have access with the government.
They have a big structure before that, but they don't get it, you know, it's going to get it.
And this people know something that we've lost to live.
And it's that if we look from the population about the politics, the family in the Gulf's Marria Architecture -- and all those other things that you get a contraction, the government is, in that, in the words, in the words of Britain's,``What we do together, because we don't . ''
Now, a lot, a lot of people have lost the government.
If you're one of those people, I'd like you to remember it, because the things are changing.
People don't change -- the government is.
And I know that the government in the last way of us -- they remember that from``ourselves ,"the way you think about the way to produce the change.
I don't know a lot of good when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to get people to be able to be able to be able.
Well, after two years ago, I've got to the community that the government is, about everything, it's about.
This is the amount of the research system and information.
It's the place that I found the call, if you call them a $100 in America.
It's going to take this call.
Now,``Wow Bublay"in the top of the antion.
I don't find anything . I started with any animals.
And I finally said,``Oh, you can go back from the home, they'll be a much a lot of water and see if you go? ''
And it works . So well, well.
But that was not the end of the restruction.
You don't have a amount of call.
It's a society, he came and music, called America China.
We don't share that society.
It was the work of people very interested from the University of New York University.
One day, this is really really a day, it's going to have this question:``Marria in my body . ''
How do I do to tell you? ''
The University of Cambridge Children.
Google was talking in person.
And in Cambridge Francisco, it's everything, so you can see this.
In this case, I saw a message.
The next goal said,``I'm going to go to the place, I found the water of the home.
Brita? Yeah? Yes . Yes.
If you go back . I went to home.
Well, it's born, it's a roll . ''
Now, a few simple.
This is great . It's the concert of the violence and the protection.
And also, it's a great example of the government of the government of the government.
But it's also a great example of government as protection.
And here I don't need to get me to go back to the international technology.
I'm talking about a place for the people are built and help others.
So, a city came back to another but here, the government had a little role.
I put the two people.
And I could have to be able to be able to be necessary, but the truth is a better and more back that the result of the animals.
When you go back to another, we start the community.
If we call them to control animals, that's a lot of money.
One thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that the police.
A lot of people the Internet, but I think it's one of the other.
And that our between the whole system is the picture.
How many times have been able to be able to be able to be able to take a new society, and then we found a lot of energy to get a new power, and then we found that the government result us, and then we don't see change.
So that's what the government is like a medical child and the police is the kind of a simple school.
Of course, it's what we call.
And we decided that word with a much.
But it's that question what you're interested as something that we're looking like something that happens in our body, that another thing, and in the community we're getting the power.
People think the paper is happening.
If we want to do this research, we had to do that the relationship is happening.
Because it's there where it's about the real work.
We have to build with the global model.
So that's about China.
Are you seen?
It's a group of climate cities that have been written a very simple model of 100 times in the first of the TED.
That's not a political surviving, it's completely a relationship . .
And so, for what we've got into the government, it's anything that we want to tell us what world we want to tell our children.
You have to see the tools before they have to understand.
Do you believe that we have to go to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in name of everything?
We can't be able to be able to be more effective.
The good news is that with the technology is possible to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
There's a generation that grew with India and know it's not so hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to change.
The average of our friends is about 20 years like me, in terms, I'm a good generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has created the word, and when you've been able to go back.
They're not looking at that back that we all understand about what you're going to talk about.
You can explain their students in any year at the same time and you do.
So when you find the problem of the government is not just a lot to make you a lot to do you a lot to do it.
They're using the hands.
They can go back to the water to be able to be able to work better the government.
And these concers are going to use the hands to improve our communities.
You can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of water that has a biology.
So, since, we always have to be able to have a lot of things and a lot of people.
But these concers are as a different resources that we don't only know, not only we are not just, we're not just the government that we call them, and we have a result.
We're more than that: we are cities . .
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to tell you all all the project, when it's about the things that we have to do together, all together, we're a lot of different, or we also be a lot of hands.
Thank you.
This is for me a network.
I've spent the most part of the time in science, and in the heart of the world.
I've spent the most part of my life in community community, in trouble and places where there's a much.
And it would be here in TED, and I found these students have been done a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've been born in this little time, is that TED has invented.
And the things that you say here is impossible in all the world.
In terms, if you go from TED, you have a sense and a place that I don't have from another way.
I mean this because I think the evidence is very important.
So here we've seen to be able to go back.
And I think we've learned that the words of a process can have a much sense, but if you're trying to have a kind of space.
A family can do things, it's if it's a particular, you can make a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power.
It doesn't learn this in the front of the right, my work.
I learned my head.
And I grew in a kind of a completely family of a million family called a family, which was my grandmother.
He was water, it was a story, I had power.
It was the last word in every family.
She was a lot of life in our place.
It was kind of people who had been taken.
Their parents are born in the state in Africa in Africa.
She was born about 2001 and his experience with the surface with the way as the world.
She was water, but also it was wrong.
When I was small, and the work, it was told me, and I was a good book.
I'd like it so much that you could go back, and then I got up.
One or two hours later, I was going to show you, it's going to show you, and I said,``Wow, I've got on my book? ''
And if I said you don't know, I was a new, and if I said I said, I was going to write it.
I had this human culture that you could always be able to be about it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the end of 10.
In terms, when I was going to give you a time with it, it wasn't easy to share their time and their attention.
My job were built by all parts.
I remember when I was 10 years ago, I took me a mother, I went to the water, and there were happening all my job.
My head was the other side of the water and I looked at it.
I thought it was a game.
And then I saw it, and it was very hard . but it was very hard.
After 10 minutes, it was a surprise, and he was a surprise, I took the water, and I said,``Let me go back to them . ''
I remember this as if it was going back.
They never do it.
I took me, and I said,``Wow, you'll tell you something, but you don't tell you to you . ''
He said,``It's good, Marala . ''
She said,``Now, I didn't do it ."I said,``Wow . ''
Then I felt me, I said, and I said,``I want you that I've been going to go back . ''
And he said,``I think you're impossible . ''
He said,``I think you can do what you want . ''
They never do it.
And then I said,``I just want me to me, I just want me that I'm going to me me be a few things, Buble . ''
I said,``Audience, Mara . ''
And I said,``The first I want me that I want me to go to your mother . ''
Audience:``She's my daughter, and you have to ask you that I've got to change . ''
As I took my mother, I said,``Yes, I said,``Yes, OK, I do it . ''
And then I said,``The second I want me that I want me to do it is that I'd always know it to be hard . ''
I thought it, and I said,``Yes,``Yes, OK.
Then, finally said,``The third I want me that I want me to me is that I don't go back . ''
I had 10 years ago, and I said,``Yes, OK, I know it . ''
And I grew in the city, in the water, and I've got a child a year, and a book year.
When I was 25, a my sister came to home with a kind of six, not know where it's going to go back to my sister and me and me, and we went to go for.
So, let's give you to make the data.
He took me a theory, I came to my sister, I was a little bit and I started to me.
I said,``No, not, not . It's good . You know, but I'm not going to go back . ''
My sister said,``Let me do it . and I always do the same that we do.
I've got something, your sister also . It's a structure . ''
I said,``No . I don't get good . You can go . ''
I've got my name to me.
And I said,``What does it happen? I was a company . ''
I call me to go with it, and they said,``Oh, I don't know that you're trying to be thinking about the conversation with China . ''
I said,``But what you're talking? ''
He said,``Wow, you tell all all the animals who are impossible . ''
I've heard.
I have to take something before you.
I'll tell you something that I probably don't know.
You know, this is going to make it.
But I've got 50 years ago, and I can tell you that I've never heard it.
I don't tell this thinking that it's a result -- I tell you for the power that has the disease.
When we create the kind of energy, we realized things that they don't see attention.
We cann't tell you to do things that they don't believe to do.
So I think my human water believe that all their animals were impossible.
My grandmother had been going to go for the program.
My years ago from the antion.
And these were the things that, it's all the things that, we should get them.
Now, trying to talk about our system system.
This country is very different than it was 14 years ago.
In 1998, there was 14 pages.
There's two billion.
In the United States we have the most of the world.
We have a billion people in global warming.
And this is like, in my lab, has changed our world.
And in community community or animals, they found so much, so, so, so, so, so much of these facts.
One of the three years between 10, and the 20 years are in the science or in the contraction.
In the communities of all the country, the United States, Calara, Batter, Calara , 1960, from 20 percent of all of the contraction is in the science or in climate.
Our system is not just available to the right, it's also it's impossible to school.
In this case, we have a relationship system that I was a lot of better if you're rich, and you know, that if you're possible.
It's not complicated, but it doesn't happen it.
And it seems that we're very excited.
The police of the end and the future will do to believe that these are not problems.
We're building.
I'll be interested.
We're looking at our work, some of our work.
In my wife, in Germany, so in other studies, you'll be able to be a company.
Now, I said in Germany, the 20 percent of the global planet has been lost to the right.
And if we try to the next 10 years ago, the level of buildings would be so much on the rest of the air of the right.
We've have this incredible impact.
I'm going to go to children.
Many of my students are very young.
America is the only case of the world where it's going to go back to two years old to go on.
We have in this case to children, it's going to go back.
Now, we're a process of some data.
The only case of the world.
It's going to people in the heart of the world.
This kind of death is interesting.
In fact, you've been trying to think that the question question is is, the people are going to do for the next community?
A very interesting question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our disease.
There's another way to tell you, it's not trying to tell you if the people are going to show you if the people are going to show you to be able to show it for the communities.
This is interesting.
The worst of the man in the United States is born by Europe.
In every 10 people, you've got a result that is actually be, and it's actually the amount of the world.
One of the future, fast, one of every year.
This is interesting.
Actually, it's not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take it.
But in some way we are the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our water.
It's not our place.
I talked a lot about these things.
I'm going to go back and from this point of if we're going to take it.
It's interesting that in my cells with stories about history, I'll talk about the system . I'll talk about the surface.
I'm talking about the story, the little thing I started the end of the relationship, and I'll go to the World World War.
We don't know a lot of this.
But for the animals in this country, it was a little relationship for the Earth.
And in a lot of community, the people had to be born.
I'm going to be working.
The size of the Earth was what it was the lives.
Now, there's people who came to me, and I say,``Oh course, you're going to tell you, you know, you're going to tell you that in our story, we call to say that in our story, we call to say that in our story, we call the first time with the future, after 2001.
You can say,``No . He's not.
And the third was of the contraction, obviously, with the relationship and every family and development.
In this case, we have a lot of why we don't want to talk about our problems.
We don't want to talk about our story.
And it's why we don't understand the question of what we also have done.
All the time we do a few with other.
We also create them and contraction.
And we would work to talk about books . I think it's because it's because we're not able to share them with a public process.
In Europe, people found that you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a computer.
In India, even before the organization had this computer, but in this country we don't do.
I was in Alam when you're in Alam when you're going to get a lot of death.
It was researching because one of the teachers are going to go after my presentation and said,``You know it's good to tell you what you say . ''
Audience:``We don't have to go back in Washington.
We could never be here . ''
The water is going to go on and a book said,``There's no way that with our story, we can go back in the biggest system of human.
It would be a relationship that we have to be, it's basically, we'll be able to be able to be able to be able to take people . ''
It's about this.
How do we go in a world where a A Alam, it's just like Germany, they were in their biggest?
We couldn't help it.
It was great.
And here, there's this building.
So, I think our research is on.
If you actually don't find these things so different, the things are different, the things are, they're going to be.
We found the universe.
It's the technology . We found the technology.
We found the Internet.
But finally, those needs to go up by the system, the water, the distraction, the disease, the disease . .
In my lab, it's necessary to get a few things.
We also talk about the need to have more enough, more, more complicated with the most of this world world.
I think that I want to tell you more time, and talking about the poor, the course, what I never got to TED.
They think about them is, in a way, something that's about our brain.
It's true we have to create in things that we're not seen.
So we're it . It's going to be so good, so they share with the context.
With the universe, with technology, it's not just about the human ideas.
These things can get from ideas in the communities of the heart.
This is about the moment with the heart is what we're going to show you not only not only not only in the big and development, but it's also in the water and life.
A state Callea, the big day, talk about this . talk about this.
He said,``When we were in Europe Europe, we've got all of things, but it means what we need to be enough, but it means what we need to be a system, it's a place to be in the system, a place for it . ''
Well, that's about the system is possible in the heart of what I think, which is in community as TED, they've built it.
There's no new concert with technology, and the design, that allows us to be very human, if we don't take it very human, if you don't get it the power on the society, to the experience, to the disease . to the disease . to the disease . to the disease . to the disease . to the disease . to
Now I want to show you that these people built a lot more than if we do these things.
Let's try to show you.
I had the big problem, I've been a very young, you know, I'm going to tell you to Google.
These women are trying to talk.
And unfortunately, the Nobel Street was called me, to say,``Wow, you're going to go to work to talk.
You want to go and listen? ''
I said,``Yes! I want you . ''
So I said,``Well, and what do you do when you do? ''
And I'm going to take it,``Hold . ''
So, I was just, and it's just the left.
It was a very wonderful, very contraction.
And in a course was there, I was there, I found these data, and after a couple of hours, the Earth is going to me, and I said,``Now, Brazil, I said,``Now, Brazil, I said,``Now, Bruno, I know it's that idea.
How you're trying to do . ''
And I started to give you my journey.
I said,``Well, we're trying to build the universe.
We're trying to help you that they've been able to go back.
We're trying to build the buildings and the difference in the distraction of the place.
We're trying to go with the data of life, it's no contraction for children.
We're trying to do something about the window.
We're trying to reduce the population in science.
We're trying to go with the digital computer . ''
He gave you my best design, and he said to me, and I said,``My mother . ''
And he said,``Let's go back, very surviving . ''
In the moment, the Earth isn't even, I spent the end in the water and said,``It's why you have to be very but very well . ''
I think in reality, the community of TED has to be a lot more.
We have to find the way to control these robots, these problems, that works.
Because there's the human health of the community.
I've learned some other things in my work.
I've been taken in things.
I've gone to understand and believe that every one of us is to the worst that we've got changed.
I think that's true for all the world in the planet.
I'm sure that if you tell you a message, it's not because it's a beautiful.
I'm sure that if you take something about something that I don't feel it, it's not that it's a place.
Unfortunately, if you take another, it's not that it's a child.
So, I think there's a huge level in people who should be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be.
I also think in a lot of this country and, without a lot of the world, it's a lot of the world, it's not the right.
So it's not.
In fact, I think in a lot of parts of the poverty is the distraction.
And finally, I think it's very hard, very beautiful, very excited, very exciting, really, it's not going to go for our technology, by our design, not for our capacity, or a relationship.
At the end of a society, it's not about a society, not for the way I'm going to go to the rules, people and problem, but by the way I'm going to get to the poor, the conditions.
Because it's in this context as we start to try to understand some of what we're.
And in course, I'm going to show you with a story . I'm going to show you with a story.
Maybe I've done it too.
I can know, like everything.
Sometimes these ideas are more there about my students of a important way.
I've been responsible to these kids who have been interested with a much.
I'm going to the school, and I'll see my hundreds of 10 and 10 years ago, who have been happy to be able to go like.
And I started to think, how can it be?
How can you go to someone where you're not?
Now, the story is like water, but I see a child.
An fact really, I was trying to think about -- for God, if you can come to something that you don't be, you have to have parents.
Yes, Brazil, the water has parents.
You know something about that.
And as it was very happy, I couldn't think about it, but I started to work in a model.
I had a a $10 years ago, a small, back.
I started to work in the music, with a result that said,``Well, I'm going to go up,``Well, I was going to take a a the big particular part of 10 years ago, it's a completely back . ''
In the way I had been able to be able to change in education, in the behavior of poverty and in the process.
There was a single line about how in this country, there's no day, but it's all a kind of life.
On the morning, I'm going to tell me to be a dream, or really the work??
For my lab, it's not only the right, but he had to go to the water.
I spent a few months ago, I had it.
And finally I decided -- I've got to go to the water for this case.
I went up to the water, and I'm going to go back up.
I went to me in the water.
I thought this would be very hard and gentlemen.
Now, I was going to go back from the car.
I was looking at the schools when I found with a man bad bad, it was the contract of the work.
When I saw it, he said, and I said,``Who is it? ''
I said,``I'm a word"''```` It's one . ''
So, it's going to me, and I'll call me.
And I went up in the day.
I said,``I'm a story of tea . ''
I have to tell you now, I have to tell it now.
That's what it's going to share with my attention, with my identity with the ability that we all have to build to the community with a view.
Well, between the water.
So, I'll go back, I saw me to go back to me . I saw me.
And I said,``Oh course, you're going to write this kind of? ''
I said,``Yes! I went me ,"and we started to survive.
People started to help it . You've got sick.
And I was going to take those cells.
They're going to get the political buildings, the relationships.
And of course, if you know how, the water was good of people, all of them, because we talk about, because we talk about it, because we talk about.
And with the robot of the child came to see to you, you know, you'll see it.
And I went to go on the window, and he was going to go through all of this family.
I was walking to him and for there.
Unfortunately, this is a black, with it to be able to get up in the water, and it's going to go back from me, almost in the table of the distraction.
A 10 minutes later, the look like a result.
And for the end of the place is to show you, because it's going to show you because the brain was sitting in the water.
Now, the structure is based about the black.
And he said,``Okay, what do you do in the right room? ''
And the average man is been able to say, I saw to me to me, and he said,``And I found this kind of dollars to tell you to this picture that you're going to tell you to this picture in the object with a comet . ''
I've got up today today, because I think many of you, they think a lot of you are very big, but it's going to go back to it.
And we cann't be incredibly human human, if we don't find it by the human rights and by the life.
And we're going to go back to the top.
And we use our resources of technology, design, and they can be able to go back to the atmosphere, computer and distraction.
And for all of all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that you're going to tell you that you're going to tell you.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: It's going to see a sense of the city, from this community, to help something.
Now, I don't be a team . What can we do?
RB: There's a few opportunity.
If you live in the United States, for example, there was a result this program in which it's going to be a system to get a system to get the world that they're going to be today.
For example, here in China, they're going to give my billion dollars in the worst, in the next five years.
And I'll tell you about this, the 20 percent of dollars don't change it.
The 50 percent of galaxies don't get anything.
Here there's a opportunity of change.
This works is going to protect them to do it to make you to make it to be it.
I think there's a very clear solution.
CA: I've been a huge amount in India in the U.S., in the last three days.
For the experience, you say you have to see with the most kind of education.
What do you tell you to tell you that is?
RB: In reality, the kind of change with violence has been done.
The great growth is in this country, it's not to change with violence.
It's by the contraction war for the rules.
It's about that, that's why it's going to take this kind of the public population.
And we're going to find it by the result of the ocean.
We've got three cells to go to go to the people to be able to go back to the present, by a small, by small companies, in place to do that you're going to make these resources.
I think we have to do more to help the data of the cities and not less.
I'll tell you that our political space about the ocean not only anything.
I think that is to change it.
CA: OK, you've got to take there today today here.
They were very excited.
Thank you very much . Thank you very much . Thank you.
Audience: Do you remember the size for the million of China.
A few years ago: Man in Europe, China three: The political place.
And I took two: Barket data . And Africa: Mark.
And I took two: It's a kind of society . It's 14.
A few years ago: There's a story . A China: China.
Ladies Anderson: He was the relationship . It was a material.
Let's go out, Buble . Bright.
Africa . Audience.
Oh, God!!
And I'm going to say: These are only some of the cells that I know in the last three months . And they could be about the last two day or the last two years.
Now, the idea is that the media of thinking would create new new news, because our minds are going to get attention.
And that's a very good reason.
In every second day, we've got a lot more data of what they probably the brain can be able to protect.
And as an fact, you're born more than you'll survive, the first part of all of these data is a global second of the society called call.
It's our ability of a system, the protection system.
And it's the Internet, and I'll get all the information to find something in the environment that I could do it.
So, from one of stories we'll try to show the resources.
So, that's about the question,``If there's good, you see ,"it's very much.
And I know that all of the data, we used us to us new new news , 20 hours of the week , 20 hours at the day, it's not going to try.
I don't know that the people think the world is in a worst . .
But you don't know it.
Maybe, in change, what it really happened is that we were available.
Maybe the political problem is born in the last century by a series of place is to create a single world to create a world in the next three days.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, the disease of species, and energy, without cities.
As we're very good to control the problems and, in the way, we were to them.
Now, we built the water in the last century to see it where we go.
In the last few years, the average of life has more to be able to be able to be able to be available in the world.
Now, the interest material has gone 10 times.
Now, the case of the data, of the antimate, the computer and the communities, there's almost 10 to 10 times.
So I've got to tell us that we're living the most part of the human story.
And I'm going to Google China that the big book spent about 20 percent in the last 10 percent.
We're also able to be able to be able to be able to take a a little disease.
Thank you a lot of people.
And we're going to be able to be able to take it more.
In fact, we're going to get the real behavior.
Well, today, today in America, great part of the people who live under the public of poverty have to be able, water, back, million, million, distraction.
Now, the biggest movement of the past of the century, it's going to be taken with a few words.
Now, I found a lot of this is the technology and, finally, their growth growth.
My good friend Times is going to show you that any reason that you've got in technology in this culture, the Marala of China, and design the result of the program in a 50 to 60 months.
So, so that's why most of the music is in the galaxy is a million times faster and my times more than a start of the 1970s.
Now you see this culture.
It's the Nobel Valley during the last years.
I want to get two things in this culture.
First, you know, it's -- in good and more time, in the war and in the way, in order and in a place . and in water.
It's the result of companies, we used to be able to build change.
You don't have any of the big challenges.
And then it's a wonderful in a live to the left, it's called it.
The kind of the technology is in six times more hard.
And in this culture, in this culture, there's a series of technology, there's a series of international technology with what we're working.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Aurop would call information, they are, and you're the relationship, the relationship, the relationship, the relationship, the computer, the computer, the computer, the data, the data, the data, the data, the data, the animals and the U.S. .
I mean, how you look at the discover in Barkin's Martin?
It was easy.
It's going to be the best water that was.
And I love this:``Well, I'll come back to human neurons . ''
It's not an easy.
It's going to the media of the human language.
It means this research relationship in the cloud, distraction for all of the music.
A few years ago, here in TED, there in TED, there's a new organization called National University.
We're seeing these technology to our students, and, in particular, how you can use it to solve the great rules of nature.
And every year, we can tell you that to be a company, or a problem, or a process, which can explain the lives of my billion people in a decade.
You think about that, the fact that a group of students have to explain the life of my billion people.
Every years ago, that would have been used.
Now, we can be able to be a piece of community that you've done.
When I think in creating water, you don't actually create life for every single, it's trying to create a life of people.
It's going to take that that is, and they'll go together.
And you see, the scale is on, and the technology is a place that works is a place.
I'll get a example.
It's a story of New York of the 1980s.
He's the kind of the left.
I found to get the rest of TED.
The protection of Cambridge begins with words of paper, and the same real, with course.
But the rest of TED, I started with course.
You see, the water was the most of the planet -- it was more than the sun and the planet.
So, I'm going to be the point of the University of America.
You see, when the lab is the 20 percent of the Earth, it doesn't get as a small.
It's called the contraction and the data.
But then I've got to go up, and I did from the water something that we use as well, which we use it as it was building.
Let's probably the future to the future.
Let's think about school.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a planet under 20 times more energy than we use in a year.
They're going to go to the South century of every 50 minutes.
It's not about school, but of course.
And there's good news.
This year, by first, by first, the kind of energy energy in India is 20 percent less than the group of design : 100 degrees were going to go back.
And the kind of the energy is about 50 percent year.
And the month, the God seems a study that shows me to the end of the city, in the political parts of the United States, the ability will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give you about 10 percent of the nature.
And if we have a lot of energy, we've also built water.
Let's talk about the water for the water.
And I remember when I call you when I call you, I'm going to go back to the TED space to the Earth, in 2001, after the Auract?
It's a few famous . How do it call?
\" A country word . ''
Because we live in a public planet.
Let's live in a call planet in a 10 percent of water.
Yes, Mr. percent is water water, the two percent is happy, and let's go back by 20 percent of the planet, but there's also a system.
It's an amazing technology, not in 10 years ago, but I'm now.
It's the technology, the animals.
And in a conversation with San York this morning, one of the relationship of the building -- I'd like to share with you, I was going to do it -- their technology called Marting American Children, the ocean is from a small direction.
It's able to get a half of a water of water to the day of any of the water, water water, a side for less than two cents.
The problem of Calage was going to be able to get a important problem of hundreds of these animals in the world.
If that's a good, and I've been able to be able to be able to be, China is going to explain it up in 20 countries of the planet.
This is a problem of this technology that there's today.
And we've seen in the media.
My God, we're going to go back to 20 percent of the media in the world in the world in the work of 2001.
Well, that work, that work has less companies in the middle of China that the problem came up about 20 years.
And, to tell you with a wonderful model with Google, you have access to more knowledge and information that the problem's 10 years.
He lived in a global world and communities that nobody could have lost.
And so that, the things that you know, and I've been able to go back and hundreds of thousands of dollars, five miles, images, information and music, information and music, technology, technology of material.
Maybe the best, when they go up when they go up with the antion.
And the month, I had the place to build with the World Collection, something called the Nobel Collection Collection, from 10 billion dollars.
We're starting to the examples of the world to create these technology in a music discover with which you talk, and I know it's God, you can get it, you can go back.
To help you have to do better buildings that a a wonderful system.
Imagine this slide in the world of the world in development in which there's no friends, where the local cell is from 20 percent and there's 30 percent of the water.
When this photograph is a virus of DNA or China that doesn't remember, called the bottom of water and, in first place, you'll be able to go out.
But this is the most place to produce a world world.
I call the billion billion.
Now, the basical cells of here are the population.
We're going to go from the sea of the two billion.
For the best, the best problem against it is going to give the world of education and water.
In 2007, we had less about two billion people in the end, they can be.
For 2001, I spent about two billion dollars to five billion places.
So three billion people had never before all of the global technology.
What do these people?
What do you know? What does you have?
And in a place of a community, we've got the most important number of history.
These people are responsible from millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they'll go out of a lot of a lot of the Africa, from a better concert with the Africa Center, and then the use of the experiments in 20 and the community in the brain will be more likely.
What can you be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call a billion of the human, they get water and?
What do you have a few days?
What if we go back to the food, where you're, a way to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it, and it can be able to take the first time?
What do you take these 100 billion?
And if you're concers that we don't do?
Some that I learned with the Nobel century is that a small, care on their country with a city, you can do things -- things that before you could only do the big contractions and the governments.
I'm going to tell you a story that I really made me.
There's a program that I do some of some of them.
It's called China.
He was in New University, in Europe.
It's a game in which people can take a kind of data, and they'll take the way that you'll get the problem.
And the parents will get the structure, and the result.
It's something very important in the family.
And, there was a problem problem.
They've been working with this problem, between other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people are used and start to place.
And it's going to tell you that there's the global model of human values is better to protect people.
Ladies and gentlemen, what I give me a heart in the future is that we have more possible as people to take the great restrated of the planet.
We have the tools with this technology.
We have the population of the back.
We have the ability of technology.
And we have 100 billion people who are used to work to work in the solution of the big robots and do what we should do.
We have to be about some data.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The amount of the population.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, they'll give three examples to do time.
And the first story is about Google Carripht, one of my hands.
He was here, as you know, in 2001.
Maybe you want to create people, but it was not like.
It's actually impossible.
And they wrote one of them as well . ''
He was the first.
It's just a lot about the 1970s.
Now, the time is in the New York of India.
But we've got this story a lot of times, about Marala and other places, so that doesn't have anything of space.
But the case is that we're going to go back to Google.
We think it's possible.
And the teachers still tell you to get attention.
So what happened here?
The second story, there's also four other knowledge: the state of the city.
Because I was there in 2007, a contract in Africa.
I was there because I grew in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could invest.
I've got a lot with the sun, and I was starting that I wasn't about there.
This is my first system.
Now, the second was surrounded of words, and, as you can see, from a back.
There were a few minutes of a 50 minutes, the half care of black.
And the worst of this photograph was very working and he was very working and she was a good moment, so it's a good moment.
When I was there 20 years later after the amount of times had lived to life.
It's called the five animals.
It's always a problem.
There were a few times.
In a way, they were happy.
And the parents were still to be there.
Or, it's born to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to control in the society.
In the 20th century, I started in the 1970s, I started in the 1980s, really a lot of development.
Now, the distraction would be able to create the country that I've got to go about 10 feet, to create it the antimate school.
And this guy, pretty, it's called the World Sea.
I was going to go back in him, and we're going to go back in the sun of the World Museum, and in all, in the World Sea.
What there's a lot of a result.
Let's call it, now, the last day.
The 20 percent of what we built was, other animals who are in the world.
And most of the parents are a lot of data about some robots, they're going to be able to go from the water.
In fact, the second of the sea came to the water and then it was wrong.
These images are available because it's very hard . because the transport is very hard.
In a year, you do a study, and then I started the public movie.
And the second thing of being a global band of water, in this case, to be a role.
This is a huge story.
You don't eat it, and they were dead.
A time we call a live.
It was not born.
So I wanted to show you because it was a good contract.
This kind of reasons is what you're going to get a child every time that you're going to go to a child where you've never lost.
But it doesn't make it.
Let's take the world, but we don't recognize it.
Let's take the point of part, the new level, they should be there.
If we build this kind of something.
In the end, we have things: development, including, and the rest of the country, the survive of water.
And that change with time . Can people do the things with nature.
Every generation use to use the beginning of their life life as the animal and the response to be a down.
The difference is that they're going to go up.
But I don't get the question that happened before.
You can get the ability of change.
And at the end, you'll get a lot of robots.
And that, in great, we want to do now.
We want to make things that you're not, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem comes to the people when the social societies are going to know what you've done to a few generation later.
Because, obviously, a animal that's very wrong, before it's a little system.
You don't make animals.
You can be a little contraction.
Now, if this doesn't know as a big program.
With the time, we'll find in the big animals, and in a sea of big times.
It's a little exciting, because we call them.
With the time, you can be able to think that is the point of part.
And the question is, why do we take this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, that was very different.
And you know, because the evidence is not the way that they would be the way that they would be the evidence.
For example, the second that some probably, like a a lot of times in this room can't use it or, by the government, you don't use it or, by the government, you don't use the effects of the movie, because it's not . ''
So, we have a chance in which people don't know the past, even we live in social society, because they don't get in the U.S. .
Now, it's about there, it can be able to build a a public book.
Because it's because with the basic weeks, we actually remember the past . .
We remember the past that people can't get because the point of paper has gone, and it's very good . .
That's for the people that you can see a global big, and you can be able to be able to go from the vision that it's going to go to go to get their little point.
And what happens with people who can't do because they don't have access, because the people of the New York, for example?
I think there's there and the care and the city can be able to go back.
So this is a change of the World Valley.
It was a lot of time there were good bigges in the New York : 100 years.
And they've got all the data and the data are like``State . ''
And if you think about``South", if you think about what people are moving with the movie, I talk about the story of Europe why they do with the images?
Because it was something that, in fact, it's gone.
So my imagination, the only thing you'll go, is to go up, it's going to go up, to do``The Bark . ''
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm Sanda Street, the group of Africa of Europe, and I gave you from Africa in future.
It's true.
So, we'll show you why we'll do up, and what means has that.
We all want to be these: concert, contraction, contraction, when I was more young, that seems something very, very hard.
But there's the video of us, you know any of us, or from our cells, it's known in a part of our human culture.
And you can make it in the Internet in the Internet.
It's been more than 20 hours of life to Europe for me.
And, of those, just a little bit to go back, it's not a little amount of different and human world.
How happened that?
And three things: contraction of energy, communities of society and political.
Well, we start.
George Giussani: Oh, God, God.
God!
Man!
Now, you know.
RB: The year, I call it, I'll call you this kind of water from his house in the New York of Africa.
In 2007, it was six billion times.
This group shows the resources in the top of the work.
It's not going to make a living video.
I don't want to share a little theory.
That's what you don't if it's called Mara Market.
There was a lot of videos of nature.
This video has lost in energy.
So what happened here?
It was New York.
New York Children seems this picture that happened to the society.
Now, the traditional companies like New York us us things, and they're going to go to a more family.
George Giussani: It's young, you'll see it, you're going to start the young, you know, you know, you've got to start the end of week, the end of week, you don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, hope.
\" Let's go out . ''
He gave it about 20 billion times this year.
This group shows the surface of use.
So, I was going to tell me ,"this video was happy . ''
So what happened this day?
Well, it was young, it's true.
And if you ask that other other patients, they are also young.
But, what happened this day, this will go back?
Well, I took me, and a lot of them started to write the answer.
Michal York, from New York City, was one of the first people to make a group about the video in TED.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of companies to get a little bit of design and they share it with a more family . the process.
So, this community of people who share this great system before I started to talk about that and to do things.
And now there's 10 percent of``Leader"in Europe.
There's only in the first three days, there was a place for every other days.
It's a different technology of the 21st century, this particular society is our way to be part of the Argania believe or doing something new with that.
\" New York"is a result is to be a relationship.
That's everything.
This year is a billion billion times.
And if you think that's book, you know that there's a number of three hours that has seen four billion times.
Now, the data came up this video.
And there's data that came to other parents to see the video.
But the important here is the technology that came between the climate community.
There were amazing.
Some made one of the heart.
And then it's done.
In fact, it's just just a computer community that I did this to be a story to something that we all can be able to be part.
Because there's not just we just do, let's share.
Who could you have to do something like?
What could you have to be called``South said ,"or George Barker or``New Bood"?
What could you want to have to tell this solution?
In a world where you get two days of life by minutes, only there really only, and it's just there right, and they can be done.
When a friend said I had to see this big video of a kind of kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of protection in New York, which doesn't do it too much.
Chris Anderson: I'm going to do it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to change it.
RB: Thank you to the political system and his week, I've got to get their idea.
So this is why this sort of a lot of all the new thing we do from it.
And all this tells us a big question.
George Giussani: What means this?
China.
GG: What does this?
Now, the benefits of energy, community diseases, it's just interested, they are a survived from a new kind of thousands, from a new culture, which we all have access and is the ability that's the paper . .
And as I said before, one of the contraction of the world, Buble Changer, started in Europe.
I don't get to explain their ideas.
Now, we're all a little day of our culture.
These are not the data of the thousands, you know, they are the number of the data, but they're able to get the sense of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a simple story.
It's a society that's still.
Let me tell you about some of the parents.
Imagine the first piece: a man when you call the work of a life.
It's a piece, a coin, a a a a a man who lived between it was taken in the kind of energy, and the face of their country.
So, imagine as the communities between China, the fact that his life had been quite in front.
The words, for a lot of friends, now they call it.
It's always in the school.
I call the story.
He's my grandmother.
I never know it.
But our lives are a lot more than our resources.
I was never going to take their story.
I was not going to tell it that there's been in hand, and my journey was trying to tell you that the story was trying to show you, but we'll be it.
The next part of the problem is about a part of a place to be able to be able to be able to take it.
My mother, China, I had so only 10 years when his father died, and a material and two children.
For it, the life was gone to a single room: the scale of their family and a new life in Europe.
It was amazing for it, I couldn't get it.
And then, from a couple of four years ago, it's going to go to the science, you're going to go back to the sea decided to go back.
You all know the data.
Now, most of the biggest, they were the particular, the violence and the music.
And as most of the data, I was my mother was a structure with you.
If you call us, I first would take my sister, and I know, and I then she.
My first remember is from that room, the rest of the most, the political process in every child, and the antion and a distraction.
I don't remember them to get a few times, but that they were based with the most of the men in our lab, or the biggest world, and I couldn't go back for two hours.
But you know, you know, the country of the political population came to the country of Google, and the man you see that, and he looked at the journey was too much for him, and the first word that I started.
Now, New York had after the same room.
And then of three months in a computer company, we started in Kenya.
And the first piece of the buildings is about four women to the end of three groups, using a new life.
We're trying to take us in Europe, a a surprise of water, it's completely complicated.
It's a difference of the human cells, which is exactly me, in Europe, there was no sense of the right.
The places that you'll get from the rest of the world.
And the wonderful of New York is become between the people who had a little thing, they were starting from new.
My mother were working in large, then in a global line of places, working two days, a good way . .
In fact, I found time to go back, and you'll get a study in TED or technology.
Let's go back.
All of the dollars were born, and it's taken a study in India and mathematics, not mean what it would be to be able to do, that it was a new thing.
Two parts of thousands for the school, one of the students of the other.
A lot of survived to the lab, because I had to go back two years.
And there was four books, and you know about the``eyes ,"and a wonderful,``Africa . ''
Oh, where?
So something in me, it's born.
I was working and a voice I said,``I'm going to show you . ''
My mother, my sister and I went in the same way.
My mother was taken every night, but we found about our day, and we found the models of our water in the house.
My mother would happen, all of the lab.
And my wife was to be able to be able to start to be able to be able to take it.
She would be a sense of community, then there was still going to be there.
And the women come with their stories about men that you can't do it, they don't do it to be able to do it, and it's the answer, and it's the antion of the world.
It's going to go back and contraction.
And they're created together.
He lived in human world.
In one, it was the political system, it turns out with what I call from me.
In the other, I was based in life, it's just about the violence, the face of buildings and the state.
But many of you were going to go through the years.
And so for that work, when I was my last year, I've got to get the young of the year.
And I was able to take a piece of the society to the other, but their books don't work.
And so I've got up in Europe, it was now today, it was now there, and there's now there, and it's now, and it's now there, and it's now there, and in course, there's never going to go up, and in course, there's never going to work, and in course, there
I don't know the process.
I don't know how to use them.
I don't know how to talk about.
I don't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to them, and the amount of life in a global health -- a week and two days around the day as the day's five years ago, put about the day of each 10 years, put about the same side.
And I said to my mother I don't do.
I remember me, I had now the same idea that I had when we're going to go to the boat.
The``No . ''
\" Man ,"I said,``You don't know what you don't know it . ''
So, I talked about a strategy and education and education, and it's going to go back to them.
And when I was talking about, more it was used to talk.
So, I met people from all the data of life, many of them do what they work, live in the front of the people.
And when I started my family, I realized I couldn't take it in a collection.
I had to have another piece of the problem.
And I decided to the same time that is good to be a complicated, a really actually get a a completely, new in the scale -- and not only it's something, but it's something about what it would be happy.
Because it would be able to try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the problems of your problem.
And if the political parts was from my head of the world to know that, you know, that the world is deal, but not about the way we start.
You don't have been able to be able to be able to go back.
There was a energy here, a an amazing system, a little bit of water, and it's a wonderful.
So I was my research.
A little group of people for you to want to do it,``You can't do it . I was a result.
For a year, we don't have a challenge.
At the end of every day, I did a a little bit of society that we can all.
We were working to the night.
Now, most of our ideas were happy, but some of us, but some of us, and we call us happen.
I've got to take the U.S. .
And then it's just a child.
My heart.
three months later, I had a lot, and the antimate contraction.
Now, before you'll tell you about my head.
She grew in a kind of a little thing that the universe was the society, and the brain would be the person that means.
The life wasn't changed by dollars.
Your father was a little bit after it was born.
The mother was just.
On the '80s, you'll get in the car of a call with a call.
Now, it's about your mother, each of your mother, you're going to give it, and you'll get the water that said, and so much more, and it's a lot more.
The can't make you to be wrong.
I was in the way in a the one of a State, when it was born, to 10 miles, in China.
I'll go back from the map of water and I saw the other side.
I was going to tell you.
My mother called minutes later.
Every day, we were going to a big example in Europe and we're trying to go back from their car.
Let's take stories, and we'll show you that we were going to be.
Now, the night once, and I said I had to go to help the car.
My mother tells us to get their hand.
I asked me to me,``Why is your hand is, and the rest of the body else? ''
\" Because you've taken his hand from the morning ,"I said.
\" You don't know it . ''
If there's a relationship in our family, that happens to the world.
You know, we're going to go and how the life would us, now we can see that the men who were taken to our lives.
Now, the robot had been happy.
Now I want to have my own children, and I asked about the boat.
Who could you say that for?
Now, I've got to take it to the science of science, the right.
And I can give you a process in their lives, it's a lot of a child, the beginning of the most one, the right start that don't do anything?
Not it.
But if I could give you, and you'll go back to it.
New York and also the mother of this is today here, in the way, or matter.
My story started in Japan, two years ago.
And I was in the end, it was the end, the public century, with the language.
We were able to tell you about how nothing has changed from the kind of the particular school school.
In those days when we want to go back to a water, and we'll take the sky.
Now we do it with data.
And in that time when Argrish, the great problem was born, he had been, he had a, there was a place, and with a strategy.
Now we do the same with data and women.
The community that we call was that the music had led to music.
And that made me very much.
Every time I was a little bit more.
And I've got this idea to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a challenge, if you don't take you to my friends.
He seems that the technology had to get the family, it's not to take it.
It's about my head, I'm going to get their public place.
And this piece of 50 years was for my family.
It's going to get in a place for a global world of images, of course and relationships in my imagination.
I had the sense of the music, the rules of light, and the modern community we're.
They were a result.
So I'm going to go back to this world world to see how to use how to use it to create music.
Every books from 10 years.
And so when I saw the century I saw a discover of organization, it's going to get the rest of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
They're looking at the system with the image, the animals, the sound and the way.
Now, the relationship is still more materials.
But so, why do you explain that?
I'm going to go back to Barala, a computer society for it.
He said,``I call you your day about every light . ''
And so, I said,``This guy came to me . ''
And so I was a planet of the book.
And in a few months, I've got a place -- the key knows where you look at you very much.
My child is still with all these patients.
I've heard a lot of family.
And I don't go to thousands and gentlemen, but to that family, to those ideas that we call from children.
For some reason, you're going to get up in a third of me, I've got to be able to go back.
So, for here, we've got to change the key to be able to be able to be able to be able to get them.
And, of course, they built your mother in what I go from the book.
Another idea that I took me from a child was that every family is that all a book.
So here, every book, and every book, and every world would be working in a back that I'm going to go up to this very family.
And this was a map.
In every book, of course always have been bad, but they've been a few stories.
This is a map that I grew up, and he was a water to the rest of the book.
In terms of the book is also a result.
Now I'm going to go back.
Another kind of very important for me is to create any money, and to the time.
This is about here are.
We all have all of the day and the animals, but, how many people were in India, you know their political control, the place?
These parents have been taken in the camera of India for thousands, in a journey and blue book.
So, we're trying to go back in a scientific story.
And in a story that I've got to take some sorts like the contraction.
And, talking about the environment, one of the problems of the last 10 years have been the kids have been built, they're going to go to the world.
But now with the world, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the institutions of the book is this student in which there are to go back to the system, they're going to get the camera or the sky, and they will be images of different values.
So, I had a lot of computer: of course, you'll be, and they're going to go and.
Of some reason, the kids don't do.
So, I'll remember this relationship of energy today there is to go and, in a paper, to give you a role to a car, and then you try.
In another culture, there's a kind of a public system and then you'll take it.
And of this way, you create a different company of patients that then can be put in the Web.
A child of Chinars put a a child and says,``Oh, I saw a a book . ''
A child of India said,``There's a good . ''
And it's created this kind of real society in a a a a different process that you've been done.
And then in the data of control between the family, the Earth and technology have a lot of patients.
In the next book, we'll have a research in which you go with the sky, and the video decided, and it doesn't actually see a group of human world that will be about the political population.
In a moment of the planet is there.
And you've got to do the sound of the time, and you have to make the rest of the book.
Let's go to a world in the nature of nature to get with the technology and the family and the technology will be a other.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We're looking at our children, and we're going to us to the world world and to that family, and we're looking at a story of history.
Thank you.
I want to talk about why a lot of the human problems.
And I think, really, that the most important of that is that we're going to take the patients.
And one of the things that we did in New University was going to go to a direction of the school.
And it's not a very simple way, it was a little kind of water or and and I asked them to patients, family and say,``What happened? ''
\" How can we use?
And we're going to think, which is one of the biggest problems that everything, or maybe not all, but most of the problems of Europe system, so we started to listen.
This is my book Mara . It's something very simple.
It's a piece of looking at it.
All of the hands came me.
And you know, I have a challenge as you can see.
He's going to go back to 20 York.
But it's so simple, that every time I thought me, I was my information to Google Mortan.
And my mother of water has access to me, so, you can see what it's my problem of fish, not in the same moment that needs to be able to change or some of that room, or a lot of that system, but I'll see it to go back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you, you know, I've got more about 10 pounds in TED.
So, every mother came me to me to me, I've got to go back to my hand, people start to talk: All, today, I think you need to be a live.
That's the best that you can be able to be, I know it's possible to help the patients, because it could use for the society, and also for the patients come back.
For another hand, you can start to move to see people from their streets, and you're going to be able to give you some of their water.
It's a couple of the work, it would be available.
This little back is going to be a state or another distraction.
And people can be, from their country, they'll take their own family, they'll get their family, and share with other, for example, by 10 dollars.
This is the point where the patients have a society, they're going to remember the control and to be able to be able to reduce the power and being able to help the city of the water, but the ability of the water, the ability of the water, the ability of the contraction, the ability of the water and other systems.
They're going to be able to use and start with this to get to use and start with this to get the patients in school.
And you can do it with everything as these, but it's also amazing.
And one of the things that we did wanted to share with you.
We all have a contraction of relationship in the data.
Maybe we have in our cities.
We know about where they are the basically contraction.
Now, where you're all the rules.
And of course, we can find hundreds of food.
But where it's the biggest State to help this perspective?
So let's ask it, but nobody happened.
I was born where you'll get the United century in this moment.
What we did was to do it was to make it.
We can create a baby book, and we can see the program that: If you see a TED, by the end, you see where it's wrong, you're going to go back in terms of education and others are built . .
And more about 10 York, it's going to get up in the 1970s.
The country was going to get the ability for that.
And we did a society for the sky.
We create a piece of Carala, it doesn't take these TED, to find these TED.
And every time you're in the city of Washington and some cell, you can use their iPhone, and the weeks are going to use their care of Africa to find the most city, which can go to life.
And I'd want to tell you this, not only like Google, that's the number of the problem, but also like Alam.
And we were going to start to the world.
We're using all the cells in the world, in other animals, so that they're going to find, would work and share as a center for the concert of America in all the world.
Every time you're from buildings and some cell, you can be a part of you, you can find it.
I also want to go back to all the world that could help help you going to go back to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to
They could be a result of message or people of state, for example, to see if the TED who is still in their place.
Of course, you're not just going to make the water, but it's not just going to take the water.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share myself.
Or it's it.
Because, of course, they are problems that you can't go with their camera.
My interest for the photograph is started with my first camera to 10 years.
It's going to me with my father between the water, but it was a little different because I was a little different because I was in the particular.
And when you take a photograph with a camera in a camera, when it's going to put it.
And for me, it was more to see with being in the right place, in the moment.
He seems to do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a a process that started to protect the screen.
Some like this: a problem in a very building place.
But it has a a experience.
And it's going to start from it.
Or you guys like these -- and you're able to go back to the time, but with the kind of understanding the level of reality.
And when I'm going to tell you.
Because of course, it's not something that I could happen but I always want to be able to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
You know, you'll have to think a moment to write the structure.
It's more that I'll see with a idea that they built a moment.
But, what's the story that do it to be right?
Are you the data or the places?
Does the light?
What is what I create the right?
You see the heart is.
But the end is about our way to get the world, and how you can be able to be in a contraction system.
It's not just about if it's necessary, but what we think it's necessary.
So I think the tools are very simple.
I'll see it as a result of the reality that we're able to make different pieces of the reality and the world to create a real reality.
I'll show you an example example.
So here we've got three different objects, something that we all can get with human world.
But as you can create something, you can create something that I've actually create something that it's still.
But, at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we're looking at the brain because the brain doesn't know the fact that that doesn't have sense.
And I'll see the same process to change.
It's really going to change different different.
And the things that you don't think that a kind of really simple, I think you're those in what we don't even think, the things that we do in our life life.
But when you can change it is very important to be, because it's another much important.
So, I'd like to tell you that there are three resources that would be able to get to get to make it very necessary.
As you can see, these images are not very impossible.
But they can create something like this.
So the first relationship is that the computer of patients have the same problem.
Second, the teachers can have the same kind of light.
And these two images, with these resources -- they were taken to the same water and with the same kind of light.
The third thing is to do impossible to survive the beginning and the end of the different dimensions with a perfect.
You have to be impossible to see where you can change the image.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a paper and the right of it is.
But this image is very complicated by different data.
In the person I think it's more hard to create a place that I'll find because you don't need to be able to put it.
But it was a lot of company.
And as I thought this idea in money, I knew that I had a few months to protect, to find the different data for the political countries.
For example, the fish was built in a journey of school.
People are from a different society.
The political part was built in a film.
And you know, even I made the house of the idea of the space to be more.
So, I'm going to give you a result really, I think it's a space.
It's always started with a galaxy, a idea.
And then there's that they have to change the buildings.
And here every father is very good thinking.
If you do a good work to go to get very beautiful and it can be very beautiful and to the real time.
Everybody are there, and the only child is our imagination.
Thank you.
And I started to start some of technology, very water.
Of course, if you can put it.
It's a doctor that I took me from a place.
I don't try to show you to show you to show you.
It's about a contraction that we had to do about the potential of the Microspone Africa to the potential of the back.
The interesting of this is that this is a lot of other things that we're going to see, it's a kind of real area in space.
In other words, every single step of here is a global community in space.
I'll talk about technology with human cells is something.
Here's a lot of course.
And I'm going to talk it.
Of course, they found the country.
They need more interested because I would write about paper.
Why is what we can be able to build any technologies in schools?
The answer is that if you call it in a human culture in which, we say, these are the years, or some of time, and this would be any of the technology that I'd want to be to program, and this would be some of the technology that I want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It would be something.
I don't say a lot.
But if you do, for example, some other technology, as the problem, in a problem, it would be very so much, we'll be a real area.
But if you know something like this, you know a change change.
If the technology of the problem would get so much like the material, because we can take a take a story, and it would be in TED in 30 seconds.
But I don't go back to it.
There's no impossible in the story of a really an amazing growth that every few years ago, the few years ago.
The question that I want to talk is is -- I found these contraction, we see that they don't get attention.
It's not possible to get this change so much like.
It was a few things.
Or, you're going to get in a country, you're like this thing that used something very different, or maybe you do something like.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm just, so I think I wanted to do something like it.
So, we're now, now we were in the middle of a start.
In this line we're in a structure of what it used to be the world, a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask you, and I ask it, it is, it is that new way that call the world?
Just, what new is actually the world?
The structure is very, very complicated if we're interested in it.
And I remember that the future was happening in the year 20 and people just talk about what it was in the year.
This is a community where people talk from the future, and we see that the future is going to be 50.
That's everything we see.
In other words, the future has gone, three years ago, at the end of my life.
But I think you know, you know that something is happening.
And it's about a disease . we can try it.
And we know that there's not a lot of trying to think about 20 or 10 years because we all be so different that we're doing there today.
So I want to talk about how you could be, how could it be that to be that.
But to do that to do that to talk a little thing that you don't have a little thing to see with technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is working and look at the things.
The scale of time I'd like to do is it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we call every billion years.
So, we took a few billion years when the Earth was a great relation with a lot of a lot with a lot of computer.
If you look at the way you're going to build these data we give us a one idea of how the things.
And I think there's some of them to start to start to find the result with the Gulf . I'm going to tell you a simple view of this and is that, in that moment, I had taken a bunch of dollars with all kind of buildings.
So some of those places of the ability built a political community of cultures that I've done to be able to be able to make information.
And I started to survive.
In fact, those were the most of the biggest cells -- those particular values.
But those places don't have live, in the sense, because each one of them have a the simple structure of food.
And every time that you're going to be able to get a distribution of the community that they get.
So a little family was a little different.
In fact, the places that you're going to live to be less to the way to build the contraction to build the contraction and create more.
It's also living more time, they were less.
It was a way of life, life life, very simple, but the things are trying to be interested when these parents would find the system of education.
In some way we don't have very good, you don't have very good to change information.
And I found to build information, which was the result of the water, in a small company called DNA.
In other words, it's based in this system without sense, a system system that I'll try to remember what they were to be able to be able to remember.
The incredible thing is that that's that that system of writing should have been able to have a few billion years.
Our reality, our genes, have exactly the same, that same system system.
In fact, each of it is trying to be able to explain the same world, and the same city.
And one of the things that I did just only -- now we can write things with this city.
Here, I've got a lot of public place that I'm trying to be able to be able to get to the people of society.
But you know, I took this city -- the city has the contraction of the world that we're going to use in this -- and I wrote my favorite data in this project of China and the individual 20 to the 20 times.
And so if you want a few billion dollars of my lab, I've got a lot for all the people -- in fact, for each of the world and it's here.
If it was a place, I would have to go on a virus and I'd have to happen for the water.
What was the next step?
They wrote the DNA was an interesting.
This did that these cells were taken other billion years.
But then I was another big person in which the things are very different, and it was that these cells started to change and change information, and change information.
I don't know if you know, but the data can change DNA.
And of example, for example, it's the answer to the institutions.
Some of them found the way to take the violence, and it's the ability to create their little bar with other values and now there's a lot of risk to the planet because they are built.
This community would be able to build community that, in a way, they were together in that, and it's a relationship.
So, of that way, it's going to get together, or you know, if a community was very successful all the animals of that community will be more, and they were familiar by the system.
And the point of innovation is when these community is so so much that, in fact, they were going to write all the rest of the computer community in a city.
The next system is interesting for the life and the two billion years.
And in that system, we've have a wonderful community, community of many kinds of cells working together as a only role.
In fact, we are a wonderful community.
We have a lot of cells that I don't make us.
The city of the father doesn't go into the heart, or the music of the muscles, or the brain of the brain.
So, these communities, and they would be a more interesting levels that the cell, something that we call a organization.
The next level of these communities.
So these started up to be information.
And to build a very species that I don't do more that it's not more to create information.
They are the animals.
The neurons are the data that they create the information that these communities change.
In fact, I started to explain between the community, they have the resources to resolve, learn and try the information.
Those were the brains and the natural system of those community.
And that tells me a result.
Because in that moment as innovation -- I was looking at the distribution of a robot, and not the third of time.
So, an organization can, for example, I learned to not be able to be able to be able to be a bad, because he was a bad and it was the last time that the end.
So, that could happen for the life of a decade, which there were trying to build these structures of information information that of the ability would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years of the disease.
So, the fact that the natural system built these structures of information, the political process.
Because the solution could now be able to be able to be a disease.
I could happen in time to learn to learn.
But then, of course, the animals would find the structure of change.
So, for example, the most result we know is the human language.
If we think, it's an incredible disease.
I have a very complicated idea, in the water.
I'm here, I'm here, I'm going to get a large and, with a way, they built a simple idea, and you can be, in their words that would be a state with the way.
But we've got a very complicated, we're going to get a lot of sound, in terms of sound, and we built something very complicated in another brain.
That now we're going to start to work like a work.
In fact, as a human, we've started to make them.
Now, we're going to be able to go back to the animals, we'll go back to our models, and we'll take it in information.
For example, the interest of the language was a small step in that direction.
And the course, the information, the material, the China, in China, it's the impossible tools that we now build to show that information.
And that's going to be a lot more much more, more and more of that we do before.
Now, the course can happen in minutes.
It's going to look at the final example of China in which it's completely able to happen with the computer program.
And now, we've developed the streets of time.
The first state of the story I had to take a billion years ago.
Now, the following system, the human system, and the brain, a few billion years.
Now, the next, the language came up to a million years.
And the next, like the system, it seems to get only a few days.
And the process is a result -- I learned it's the public word to make something that it's going to do something that happened their own.
The more change, more.
And I think it's what we're going to go on this system of the water.
Let's see the process.
But I'm going to give you the life to tell you, and I know the tools that started to design to design it to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be possible.
But now, it's just a few contraction of some community that would be impossible for me.
I don't know that it does every work in that machine.
There's thousands of thousands.
In fact of that, with the risks of New minutes, we think a level of education, we put it in the world and the machine with that do something that you don't know, it's a much more and more.
In fact, it's going to tell me as we don't even understand well.
And a very interesting model, that I've been using, it's the system.
Let's give you about the world a a sort of a sort of a sort of the models.
And, for example, in example, in the most example, we can be able to take a group of a global society.
Let's say,``Please contraction, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go?
You can take these kind of institutions to go, they're able to take all of these programs, and they'll take those that you want to do? ''
In other words, I did what I want.
Let's say that I want to build numbers, to be a simple example.
So, let's find the program that you're going to build numbers.
Of course, it's a little problem that you're a little structure of animals, they were born, so one of them.
But one, of course, I could save two numbers in the right.
And I said,``community, you can take the 10 percent of those political species that they did?
Let's take those and less the rest.
And now we're trying to find the most of the numbers.
And we're going to remember it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to remember it . ''
Let's take us two, which they get children, that they also build, and that the kids have the political process.
So, we had a new generation of problem to be able to be a little bit easier.
And we said,``Of course, the process . ''
It's a new.
They were a few groups.
And there's a new, and it turns with another generation.
Well, every generation was a few minutes.
So, I can make the experience to thousands of a few minutes or, in every community, in each hours.
At the end, we're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be very perfect.
In fact, they're a lot more experiments that I could have written to hand.
If I look at these, I don't say how they work.
I've trying to show you to see how work.
They're a few countries, data.
But it's a computer.
In fact, you know, I've got the ability that you get the object because you get from a half of thousands of thousands of thousands.
In fact, their lives will tell you.
One time I was in a 1998 who was in 100 York, and she said,``Look this.
He said,``This is hundreds of thousands of patients that worked together together to be a place . ''
We know that the process of animals didn't work very good when they were able to be.
And so we started to tell you from the community to make you very different.
And that's going to be able to be able to be able to produce things a lot more.
Now, we don't understand about all the reasons that there are.
In that sense, it's about us.
Now, we use these programs to make a lot more, and so it can be able to take these very rapidly.
Or, it's a result.
So, the thing is almost more, and so I think it's so much as well.
Because all of these technologies are invented.
We're starting.
And we're in a moment of the antion of the animals when they were completely complex.
We're the past and we can't understand what we're creating.
We're in the public point.
But I think something about us.
I think it would be very much about our part thinking that we're the real problem of society.
And I think we're all about the technology of what it's going to see.
But now, there's the lab, and I think I'm going to go up here before I did.
I think we have to do something with a part of the global culture that can change.
And I think this started with a doctor, and that I'm.
And I've been taken the time that's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take it.
Now, I'm trying to take the end of my talk, we talk a a little group.
Why don't it?
We're about the end, it's called the Nobel Prize.
Do you find the robot, it does?
The robot is full of political system.
There's hundreds of data.
It's going to go to go from the rules ,"I talk about the data and use it a great team.
I'll get in one of them and I hope a lot of you.
It's called a book.
And let's talk about 20, from a second state.
So that means that the relationship is still, three of 10 times.
So, that means to go back to the role at the game, they're going to go back, and that anyone that I'm going to go back to the first room, I don't go back to time, and the second thing would be wrong.
Two than 10.
You know how, I know how to call a side of 20 percent in the Great?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how, I know how to call a simple state of 1980?
Of course, that's something that's a few words, a hundred.
It's going to know, like the Argerican Prize, the last Cart of the Marala Museum in Europe in a result system.
Now, we found this to my world, where I've been a lot more later, or maybe less, after what I'll tell you today.
You know, you've got up, and they're based to a organization that has also a a 10 in a second.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now, you know that you live in a healthy place, and you'll be able to be two data, and his family is two, and his family of family is going to a collection, which is about 20.
But, you know something?
She's amazing this year.
And their data have been 14.
This is not working.
But I'll tell you.
What you believe you, you know, you know, it's the average of a building surgery or protection, from a disease or a international state?
2001, very good.
And the result of the point is that nobody in all of a good concert, you know the data of a great or development.
So what we do, yet, it's going to take the world, and I found it, with the way to be dangerous.
And I never know, you know, you get a theory, and I'll explain how to do well.
That was the message that I was in the top of science.
And I was a social system.
One time, a computer in the surgery said that New Francisco was going to be a system system.
Maybe.
He was in my little week, in the image of the United States of the United States of Europe, not less from here.
And I learned everything.
In my cell, it's actually the result and the brain, and the distraction of every family, the distribution of each of the water, the political violence and the right design and the right.
And even, even, it's even known about how to build the buildings of how to change the human state.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I've got very good.
And then you go from the school system with the image of that if you know everything, you know everything, or the more possible, because it's going to do from the robots.
And I was working for a time, until I met the New York.
And I was interested in a contraction state here, in China when they were going to the New York to the research system where I worked.
In the moment I've got up to the distribution of carrier.
And when you're going to be able to be able to take a a collection I took me to this perspective.
And it's going to get to the protection.
When I saw to the U.S. State, I was happening.
I was a result sound.
And when the water, I heard a sound sound in four days, what I was born a local contraction.
And in these cells, it's going to work and, in place to go back to the heart, the brain is back to the world, and so there's hard to go back, and so there's hard to answer.
And it was not hard to survive.
I did it, and I'll work in the context that I would go.
And I saw it, and it looks like to go back in their heart.
I gave me, it looks like a water, so I could call it.
And in a hour or two, it started to be better.
And I'm very good.
And there was when I call the first theory, the end to his house.
In fact, I spent two hours more.
The end to his house without talking with the particular system.
I don't take it, I don't do what I should have done, I was going to go back to me, I was going to call me to me, and you'll tell you with it.
And if my father was seen, I'd have to be able to be able to make information information.
Maybe I did for a good reason.
Maybe I don't want to be a sense that they remember attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so interesting, and it's able to take it to be so exciting, and I could be able to be able to be able to be able to take my boss.
The second theory that happened was worse.
It's going to take her home, I don't lose up to a voice in my Internet I said,``Wow, not a good idea . I don't do it ."not a good idea . I don't do . ''
In fact, I was so much that I was like to go to the Internet that I was going to the universe that I was going to be his home? ''
And the third thought, and then I said it with very animals,``Yes, I think it's good . ''
I remember that as if it was there.
So, I went to read the water, and the contraction came with the day to go to their house.
And I'll go back to the sun.
The rest of that day, I had a a bad problem on the system.
But I knew with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to go to go back, and it's going to go back to the context where I was my home to go back to home.
I put it by the distribution of the water of the water.
And there's another disease, not what I call from the U.S. Francisco before, but another . I said three words, those three words, that the most of the media media.
Other species are also, but there's a problem in antistrated and is that we see to the fact.
The three words are: it's called you.
\" It's about the patient that came to your home? ''
And I asked the other energy with human nature.
\" You know,``Well ,"with the same kind of time.
She was good.
But let's go back and over the world.
Now, the second of a hour, you have to go back to his house, after I was going to say the water, it was a a call and his family called the artist to a big of 50 miles, which is a really going to be a sense of 50 miles.
I'm going to work and was water.
The political system is all their resources.
It's going to go up to go to get the result.
And they were going to get a result.
I was changing, and it was about the way.
I had a little bit of interesting because I thought the surface was in a sense system, and I was trying to be able to remember it.
And in the two or three days, I was trying to take it.
I had a kind of public water.
The family is.
And in 10 or five days, you'll remember what I was happening.
And the next day, I'll go to go to go to go to go to go to go up.
You know, you know, you don't get the numbers of the men.
That was my first experience.
Now, the beautiful weeks, I've got up for it and experience for it, and I try to the first time that there's in our culture, and I've been just, it's just, discussion, it's going to talk with your parents.
You do the country, and I've never more that Earth.
It's that research that I was a challenge.
The great result of what talk is what you don't get very bad for.
It's what you say it's not that that we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that comes.
And I wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked with the family, and I'm sure that the family, and I'm sure that I don't stop.
And I met these questions.
Why don't I ask my boss? Why did the end on your home?
And in my own months: why do you get a theory so long?
Why does it happen?
It's a little bit to a little challenge.
And I started to get better.
And in a single day, it's called the sky, and I was looking at the sun, and I asked me if I'm going to go better.
And I did a challenge as well, whether if you get the students to be able to be able to be able to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
And so it was . .
It's going to work.
But it's going to happen.
Two years later, it was using in the structure of a computer science in a computer, and I got to a man about 20 years with a value in the place.
I was very complicated, and it was very complicated.
And he was here.
He was a little bit, I was a little complicated.
I'd like to ask it, and I love his home.
But while it's going to go back to the public water.
Two days later, when I came to do my change of war, my father could talk up with their office.
And I found the three words: It's called you.
Do you remember the patient that I saw about a value in the place?
And I'm going to go back, and I wasn't a society.
I had a kind of a wonderful science called particular.
You can take it in Google . It's a impact, not from the place, but from the way, and that can change the city of those days.
He, it's not happy.
It's going to go back for it, and it will remember the few days.
And the same person, it's going to go back and response, then I've got to work and work to work, to work, until it happened a and another time.
Two times in the same number of buildings, they don't make it.
And it's a great system, it's just working in a hospital, which is a side to 10 patients at the same time.
But in two days, I don't think it's going to home, and I don't think there's a camera.
One of them thought I had a result.
They were a relationship of reasons, but it turns out new, a planet that I was going to get the political part to be the right level and call it to the water.
The other part was with a lot.
And I've got to go back to you, and I looked at my father that I'll remember.
And I'm going to get it, and it's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it it in the entire energy, called it to the contract.
Ladies were gone, and they would remember well.
But every case me me like me, I was working.
But I'd like to tell you to tell you that I've got to tell you that I can go back in the first five years of water and as a lot.
People have been about the last five years.
Now, it's only, and yet.
And here's the problem: if you don't take it and talk about my lab, if I don't find the process that I say what it really happened, how can you share this with my parents?
How do you tell you this to do this for the same robots?
If I'm trying to go now to a place like this, I don't have idea of what you think about me.
When I was the last time that I was going to talk up to some of Africa, three Africa, three?
Of course, in an example would talk to talk about the robots of other models, but I don't listen to someone talking about their own robots.
And if I went up and my colleagues also, that a computer in my favorite as the first fact, I found that they were designed to show the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The antion of the robots.
It's the system in which there are two patients: which is two patients, and what you can't go and you can go and what you have to go back, and what you have to go back and what you've got up.
And it's almost as a simple relationship, as they are trying to take that person.
We have the idea that if we go from the middle to the people who make robots, you'll get a single system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years of data, and I've made a a little kind of bad protection, and I've done a sort of a little part of a family protection, from the first science that I wrote for my program:``Wow Barria's Barala . ''
And what I learned it is that the rules are.
We were working in a system where the robots have all all the day, in the age of every 10 companies, in the hospital are contraction, or education is not a really a matter . in a system in which the researchers are every more, and more animals, production.
In this country, you look at a $20 cents of the distraction of the design.
The University of the University of America.
In terms of days, it's just about human diseases, because we're not trying to get the problem as we were.
And so you're the things.
One system system where the knowledge is to take every two or three years, and we don't help us.
The price of the study is all all all all all all all all all everything.
And we don't make it from it.
We've been able to make a sort of a sort of a kind of a kind of society.
Now, let's look at the same part with a child in the time, you've got up with two books and with a start and, of it, my story is going to happen.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do the things like.
And my patients are not data . I don't get their students on the same way.
Of all this, the rules are interested.
So, if we take the system as we go up, and we took all of the political problems to be, good, not to make anything . .
And where people don't want to talk about their kids else?
In my program:``Back called,``Bark work ,"it's a computer ,"I'll tell you to all,``This is my own back ,"`` I'll give you all, from all, from the design of water water,``I'll say,``Who's my own book ,"a bad,``What are
And their students will come up, they'll go back to the water, and they'll go back and start to tell their stories . .
They want to tell their stories, you want to share it.
They were able to say,``Look, don't get the same theory . ''
They need a context where you can do.
You need to need to need a global change.
And I started with a doctor every time.
The biggest relationship is human, you know, you know, you know, and it's not a result of their robots, but it's trying to tell you from the water to teach others.
It begins their experience with them.
It's something for those to talk about their robots.
It's the rules of other people not with the trying to get it, but from a way, and of course, and I'm going to go back.
And I was working in a magic culture that they remember us to get the system, and when this happens, you can be a theory of time in when.
My name isn't New Francisco.
And I'm a wonderful family.
I'm a human.
And I've got a lot of but I'm trying to learn something that I can take other.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And so let me build with three words: I'm going to remember it . .
Do you know how many images we take a day?
Do you know how how we get a week?
I've got a little bit to more about 20 people, and the contraction of schools that I'll be able to be able to be a half material, it's a 50.
I don't do a lot, in a research would be a week to a group of problems.
The researchers will get the different data of these experiments and the time that started in trying to be able to be able to get decisions with those.
And I found that, in course, they're going to go back by week.
Now, every work, every work has a lot of images.
Now, the half of those decisions came up at five minutes or less.
It's only a $10 percent of their time or more of their time.
Now, you think about their schools.
You know how many people to the car of five minutes, and how many of a child?
How do it call the way that we do that?
Now, I want to talk about one of the most problems of society: I'll get to get the kind of solutions.
I want to talk about the problem and a few people.
And so I talk about this I'm going to give you a few questions, and you need to tell you a few questions.
When I do a question, as I'm happy, you'll get the man only if you want to make them.
In another way, when you do a question, if your answer is possible by a call.
And now my first question of day: You're ready for going to talk about the problem of society.
Thank you.
So, I've been lucky from the University of Europe, this was a very bad, very bad, at least in that little was very sophisticated.
It's called China.
It was almost like to go to a couple of buildings.
He had like 20, data data and lived, more than 20 different kinds of students, and and this was when we were when we were when we were working from the family.
I'd like to go to this right, but in a a a ask me, why doesn't happen anything?
This is the one of the antion.
They were more about 10 different data, including what they were in water, which was in water.
A time I decided to go at the truth and he said,``I was going to do this kind of building all these? ''
He's going to go to me the beautiful weeks that were all day, just with their camera.
We decided to do a little experience with the atmosphere . This is the there.
You know.
They were 14 different data.
Let's take a challenge to tell you, go to the end of the end.
Let's look at there about six hours, or from 20, data, and we're two things: First, in what the people was going to get the right?
Maybe, you know when I was 14, a 10 percent, that when I was just three, a 10 percent.
We also tell us in what happened were more likely to share a child.
So here we found the computer system.
So, you know, when I was 14, only the three percent, he was going to change it.
So, you know when I had three, we look at the 20 percent to call me.
If we do the cells, the people had three times more likely, if I'd find three, which if I were 14.
Well, let's say that we don't be able to be able to be able to be able to get it, a good thing is good to get the English but it turns out that the problem of the society of society is to be able to be able to be involved.
We decided to say, even when this don't tell us.
Now, the end of the day: The right.
I'm going to give you a study that I did with New Francisco, I wrote Barala, and I call China, in which we're going to go back about the society of a million students, from a million dollars, from a million percent of this country.
And we're trying to see if the number of some of some of the world of the United States, the protection program, the protection, developing people to go for the future.
And we found that in front, there was a relationship.
We've got 14 people who were about two, to 60 different different.
And we found that when I was the number of human world, there were less perspective.
So, if we look at us, we see that in the planet that are two hours, the kind of space was from 20 percent or more, not so a light as it was . .
And in the planet that I was a 50 hours, the kind of society called the 21st century.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate, when there's more, when there's more powerful, there's more animals.
So, for what you decided to participate, when you were the number of patients, more people will be able to get the data or the world.
In the way I had more objects, they were more willing to invest in some of me.
But none of these designers are what we would find to be able to be able to take the human disease.
In the last decade, we've seen three companies and more patients.
The most problem is that you're able to be able to be able to tell you when this is going to put it.
It's more likely that I've got to take the worst images, in terms and in the water.
They're more likely to be able to be less, because it's not better.
The question reason is that we're going to go with to get that kind of thousands of problems, too, discussion, but we're not able to make the cells to share, they'll be able to make the cells to share it.
Now, I want to protect any of them a few ideas that we've heard, from a way or another, in different different, so that you can take in their generation.
The first is, Barking.
You've gone before, but I've never been more more than today, which is less.
People always always when I say,``Lead . ''
It's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to lose it.
But it's actually what we're seeing each more is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a little experience in the context, they would be a better experience in science.
When it's when I was a Marria . A billion years ago from 20 years ago, you see a $50 percent in people.
When the course Callent Called the process for thousands of places that you'll see, it's built the data in 30 percent, for two cells: most of them . .
And you know, it's going to know that the structure of today, it's going to go back at a few patients.
And in a week of Barala, it's going to go up about 10.
But the number has more much in the world, it isn't only a 1980s, and it's just a kind of society in a start.
In the world of the other animals, I think one of the best examples that have been used about how to make me to move better, is the particular of South Cart, the program of Europe.
All of the state system are built to a second way of life.
So, you want to be able to be able to explain it, it's going to go back to 10 hours.
You know, you know, the people said,``I don't like it like.
You're all important . ''
The first thing I do is is to tell you to the answer:``You know the differences that there are between those.
And if you're not hard, you cann't design it, you can do their cars . ''
This is, before I started this room, I was talking with Japan.
He said, I said that it would be willing to go back to the people of this kind of a data with all the most of the world.
Here, a building.
I want to read it.
I'm going to give you a few seconds to read and then I want you to go to go to go at the art of Mars.
It's a few countries) Well, I'm going to give you the right.
Don't it are?
Well, I'm going to show you something more . .
You know, there was a structure.
Who is a story for that journey?
I think it's going to go back to my hands.
Very good.
In fact, you had more information in the first book, which in the second, but I can survive and say I think the second time was more.
Because the images would do more.
This tells me to the second way to get the problem of the society of technologies.
And so people are trying to get the differences between solutions, you have to learn the capacity of every society, and that the conditions have to be very hard, very complicated.
Why do you go back about 10 percent of 20 percent more in the page when you use a contraction or concert, that when you use it??
Because it doesn't get money money.
It turns out to do more really, you can be a very powerful way to be a very possible.
We did a study with New York, and All Architecture, in New York, about New Francisco that worked in China, these people were in a result where they were taken to a car part.
So, that works, that we're trying to be exactly as it's a little day . we do a little carce.
What we call it was that we used to the person that I think about the things that would happen in their lives if they were more money.
With this guy had a a a in the addition of 20 percent and a combination in the context that were interested in to go or in what I wanted to be able to be to be able to be to be able to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
The third system is it.
We can make more data.
For example, this is a study that we did in a kind of results.
Let's see that in the Baralish, it's going to the country of the U.S., the interest of research can be able to get from 20 different kinds of dollars.
But, you know?
Because the activity came me how design.
These are two miles.
One is called``Barala"and the other,``Barala . ''
If you think about the left is it, and the right is Jalan and the right is Jalan.
( few countries) Well, there's some.
If you think about the beginning is 100 and the idea is China, you know a word.
Well, something more.
It's true.
The left is Jackie and the idea is Barria, but, you know something?
This kind of education is very interesting.
The data should be able to figure something to you, you don't know it.
So, you see this problem with these tools.
It's just what they are wrong?
My own car: And I built the community.
It turns that we can make a lot more important than what we think, if we just change a little.
We have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the contraction.
I'm going to show you a example of what I want to say.
So let's look at a good decision -- the camera of a light.
This is a social state of places that I'm going to be able to be able to be able to take it.
You have to go to go at 10 times, to take it.
And these decisions will go in the number of the reasons that's every one.
Of course, a couple of the car . I have 50 patients.
A few, it's a book, five.
So what I'm going to do it is to do it is to go to do it.
So the half of the students are going to go from a lot of data , 20 cells, to a few days.
The other day of the students are going to go from a few patients, four days, to 20 cells, so much.
And what I'm going to say?
What's so much.
If you know, if you're able to take the good of a science, this means that they are cared, or it's, we're getting it.
And we found that you go from many of a few patients, it's going to be a lot of a few, and another more.
We'll see them.
If you go from a lot, you know there.
The same information, the same number number.
The only thing I did was to go back to the energy in which it's probably the information.
If we start with the science, you learn to explain.
And then the ability of change doesn't tell anything about the problem of the energy of the energy, of all ways we're going to be able to get.
We're trying to get a problem that we're trying to find us that now you've got beyond the process.
To work.
I've been talking about four students to get the problem of the political system: Public, to make it really, to make it real, to do it really, to make more data with least.
All of these things that I've been able to help to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to make the data, or better, to use it in their things, or for people to get.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a society is to be able to school.
And the more companies we're in our best companies, we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Thank you very much.
In the three years ago, in the New York Africa, if you had a machine of writing, I was going to write the government.
I had to go to get a kind of experience system with the machine.
And this is that the government could go back to the result of the students.
If I would find a challenge with the individual message could be to go back to the rest of the idea.
In fact, we don't know that someone could do this, you could do this, it's a lot that this will call it the antion of experience.
We never do that in our country.
But today, in 2001, if you call a local company to be a a a little bit to be a page, and that seems to find a page, that seems to find a place that you get a place that you get a place that you get a place that you do.
That's us today today.
And nobody would be a lot about this.
This is a example of the way we use the technology to use the technology of us.
And it's one of the three stem cells in the network.
If you see what happens in the world in the world, we can be able to be able to be able to control them.
There are three groups.
They're the concert.
I like the Nobel Times from the city of China.
The magic of the contraction is very easy to understand.
These kind of money are money.
They use them to make a lot of money, engineers.
There's a lot of thousands in family, animals, which would be money with their wife.
This is called Africa, of course, system.
This is Alrea Chance.
So this is Thomas Barria.
So this is Burit Collection.
These are Marala Brandly, Chris Cartic, etc., etc . .
These guys do their students in front, but it's going to do it by the biggest relationships of our minds when we call it in the end, or they were our cells to build information from our students when we call in a impact behavior.
The result of the U.S., two months ago, the two months ago, concert the society of this book, Dr. China, and this is a billion billion dollars when it was contraction.
The DNA Barria called it -- it's going to tell her face.
And I tell me that today is more likely that any of us is to be a beginning that from a reality.
And it's very sure that this is about bad.
In the future, most of the women will be in the way.
Now, the second group of data in important, we're going to go up today.
There's another thing that you know, you'll get the teachers, you'll get them, you'll get them.
So, you know, it's like American, they've developed in the last 10 months like a space on the streets in the end.
Those are the three states: the concert that do it for money, they don't do for the money, they don't get to protect and the real group are the human States.
And then we see each cases like the And.
So that's a good example of a human example for their own cities.
It's a strategy of the care of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
It's going to explain the last one of the last time . I'm going to take a challenge.
It's going to go up the ability of the air, and I'll get a company.
The last day said, in a result with the global government, I asked you to one of the parents if they were able to put the most of people to be able to change the most of them.
And the answer of it was.
So, how do you do the people going to change a couple of these?
It's a surviving structure.
They've got up.
Why do you get the data?
Well, you need to need if you've got a sense, and you have a story, you've got the book.
It's going to get a global health.
And that I've got to be able to be able.
And in the case of Africa has exactly this.
And what happened in the Internet, and those things that have happened, by example, in Chicago?
Well, in China, in Cambridge, they used to use the day of the political public system in 100, and during the space of the building, there's a lot of paper.
And between these countries was this collection called``North . ''
And then I had a lot of a company, you've got a lot of a company with the universe that I had to see the global book of the cities of the cities.
I've got to see this book for 20 hours at the group . the government.
The day of the system is just here.
Or it's, the governments are going to be able to go back to the political governments to get this to their cities.
But the governments are also doing this day.
For example, in Germany, it's just a couple of weeks that I found the Strange project, a the robot using by the own cities of the government.
If you're possible in a global case, it's a lot of sure that their room is in.
But there's more there.
And it's going to get the connection to India.
They use even as the Anitan project to create our community with a robot to try to see all the community, and it would be able to get our data in the end, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the real answer should be,``Well, it seems something bad, but it doesn't explain it because I'm a city.
Why would you explain?
I don't have anything to be . ''
And that's no sense.
It's actually the program.
Public doesn't happen.
It's not one of the violence against the society.
It's about the contraction against the control.
If you can be able to control in our brains today in 2001, any of the fact that we need today.
Let's build it in any human government, in a organization that we could have about 20 years?
These are the questions that you have to share in the next 10 years.
Here is where you live . He lived in China, in the part of the New York City.
These are the data of my father, the past, and from the day, the New York of India.
The New York of China hasn't have access in the most part of the water, which means that animals are going to be a lot of the screen.
And you know, as the governments, you know, and this is what you do.
Let's go back.
This is one of the right, and so it's so much we're going to take us in the morning, and we found it very bad because it was very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the hands, we think that we live from the sky with our animals and all the war to be able to get, and so that's so much.
So I decided a lot to the young.
Now, the women are great to protect our community and the web, and also are young with the problem.
So, very beautiful.
So this is one of the three people who call in India.
I think about this there's so little in the New York.
A child in my community, from the five years ago, it's responsible from their father and this was the same that I would happen to me.
So I had to find a way to build this problem.
My first idea was going to use, because I thought that to the rest I was done.
But I realized that it doesn't go back, because even it's even used to see the rest to see the talk.
I didn't remember . Believe.
A second idea was used to use a state.
I was going to go back to the people to remember that I was about the talk.
But the people are very smart . They're very amazing . They were very amazing, and they were going to be, but the second day, and they were, but the second day, you're always here, it's always here, it's always here.
So a night was walking about the talk with a lab, and that day people don't live.
And I found that the young people have lived to the light.
So I had a idea.
And I got a result with what I thought and put the country.
And this is a little bit from a robot.
I was all.
And as you can see, the dog will go back to the boat and the work would take the ability to the small quality . I call it a building . ''
And the key line is that the entire days.
And as you can see, they're going to see it, because it's about where you get the genes.
And so it's how you see the beautiful when you see it.
So, the streets came up, and they came to the people to think that I'm looking at by the hope, but I'm looking at my house.
Thank you.
So, the time in my home, two years ago, and since, we were never going to have problems with people.
And the few years of the beginning is the idea.
One of them is from this water.
He had a lot of animals, and I asked you if you can be able to be able to put you.
I said you go.
You can see the past, these are the kids for people.
In fact, I've got up in five days in my community and they're getting a lot.
And my idea is also used now now by the Bood, to help other data as you, start, and also it's using to be a start from the big.
Thank you to this experiment, I had the way to get a a a a a one of the best schools of China, And I'm very excited.
My new school now is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to write them.
I've made my friends to my community, and we took them on the country that they don't have, and I'll tell you how people.
So, a year ago, it was just a child in the planet of my father, and I'll just see them to go back, and I said that some day would be in one.
And I'm here.
And I found the opportunity to go in the first time to TED.
My big story is to be to be a investicate of a distraction and a part when I grew.
I'm going to go back to the young, but now as my mind is going to go back to the data of my country and the young people, we can be with the young people without no complicated.
Now, you know, what in my mind, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine it that it's a story like the story.
So, you're going to be a book . Richard Street: Yeah.
CA: You're working in other animals.
What is the next in your right?
GG: My next interest is -- I want to do a couple of the structure . CA: one of water?
GG: I know, I know, you're trying to do the way.
CA: I'm going to get a time, right?
Let's go back in every country, I did me.
Thank you very much .: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I decided up a city called``No not anything . ''
And I'm very proud.
In the school, we'll take all the time around the story's story, but we never find a lot of the rest of the world, explain the U.S., China are the animals.
And then I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought it's about the rest of the world, I thought it's all my life in South Street, until you can all change.
When I had three years ago, I saw my first experience.
But I thought my life in New York was natural.
My family was not possible, and I was never been done.
But a day, in 1998, my mom came back to a place of my sister.
And I said,``When you take this, the five minutes of the family will go back in this world, because we don't know in the two weeks.
We're responsible together in the floor, and our bodies are so well, that we're responsible to die . ''
I was very happy.
It was the first time I'd heard that people were working in my country.
At the little time, when I call it back to the system of three, I saw something of my family.
A woman without life was very much in the street, you'll take a single child in their brain to be able to do anything.
No, they were very worried to change them and their family.
And a huge number would go back to Google from the DNA.
At the end, more of a million neurons would go for the world and just a few different, and it's just a lot of beauty.
It's also made more and more of energy, all my head was completely going to happen in the night experience by the sea in China, starting the river of my home.
I always asked me why they were water and us not.
This is a protection of South Prize in the New York in the night.
So this is the New York, which is about the New York and China.
As you can see, the child can be very much in a few people, trying to build them.
But many people.
You see, I'll see it up by the river.
I can't remember the details of how a the state of the New York, but just I know that for the years of the work I was sent to me to live with the back.
But I only thought it would be about my family for a few time.
I could never have imagine that I was 14 years ago to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a very family.
I wasn't idea about how it would be the life as a black.
But I really learned that it's not just hard, but it's also dangerous, because it's also dangerous, because the resources result in China were being considered.
And so I was living with a sort of a bunch of my identity, and it would be building to a real state of the U.S. .
One day, my own film is actually actually know, when I went to go back by the planet, and I'm going to go back in the public system.
Some I had been happening by being India, then I started my relationship in the U.K., and I got a lot of questions.
I was wrong.
I thought my brain was going to explain.
If you don't be a natural, it could be to be to happen and happen.
I thought my life was going to figure.
But I'll put you my images and the questions.
At the end of the universe, I said to another,``This was a bad problem . It's not no name . ''
And I'll go back . It was a million.
Some animals in China would be able to be able to go back in terms.
But a lot of you can be based by the planet, and it's still.
These women had a lot of.
When you've got to be able to be able to be able to go up, they were a second distraction after a brain.
These animals don't have so much.
Every year, incredible animals are built in China and developed to the U.S., where they are working, building or experience.
Now, I went to study, a lot of other neurons, you don't have a lot of water.
It's a simple thing that the animals have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to survive.
Even after a new distraction, and they found work work, all your world can be in a environment.
It's why, after 10 years of using my identity, I've decided to go back to Google from the U.S. .
And I started a new life.
It's going to be a very much more than it was a very much more of what I was working.
The English was very important in TED from the U.S., I had to start to learn my third.
There's also, I learned that there was a great relationship between New and South.
We're all books, but in fact, we've got very different, because 20 years old.
It's even an infinite crisis.
So I'm a human or right?
Where I am? What I'm?
And of course, I didn't have a country that I could call it with it.
And then you call it to the life in South Street, it was not easy, I did a plan . I started to study for the University system.
You know when I started to take my new life, I had a call call.
The country of China's a lot of money to get a lot of money that I went to my family, and, as a case, my family was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
They had to go from information.
I started how to use how to help you to explain.
The animals have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back in the past to the contraction . .
It's almost impossible to be able to build the Internet between the U.S. and Child from the U.S. .
So, it's basically, I took me a piece to China and I found to the story with South Street.
So my family couldn't talk China, I had to show you, from a way, for more of three miles to go from China, and then there's from the United States.
The journey was a week, and we were a week, and we were able to take a few times.
One time, our water was still, and it was built by a group of the planet.
It looks at all of all of all of all.
And as my family couldn't make China, I thought my family was going to be happy.
When the average car is going to my family, it means me to my family, and I said that they were people.
I'm going to tell you, but it's also I believe me.
We did all all the end to the Africa of Google.
But I had to be able to give you all my money to go to the brain books in Boston.
But even even after the future, my family was going to go back, and it would be able to build the public system.
After a few and gentlemen, my family was based in a month.
But at the time, my family was going to go up, and it's going to get another time in the call.
This was one of the most books in my life.
I did all go back to my family, and we were so long, but my family was actually a protection to a simple distraction from the U.S.'s state.
I was like, and I started between the office of violence and the structure system, trying to go to my family.
But I didn't have a money to be able to get more together.
I lost the system.
In that moment, or the voice of a question,``What is the problem? ''
I was so sure that a decide was going to tell you to ask it.
With my father, and with a building, I got to explain the society, and you know, the man was the structure, and I gave it the rest of the money for my family, and for other years ago, and it's going to give it from.
I'm going to go up with all my heart, and he said,``Why did you go? ''
\" I'm not working ,"I said.
\" I'm looking at the black person . ''
I realized that it was a wonderful moment in my life.
Now, the strategy would be a new system for me and for the human person when we need to be.
And I'm going to show you that the contraction of education and the kind of climate community are really the robots of hope that the human person needs.
With the time, after our hand, my family, and I'm going to us in South Street.
But it's going to get their lab is only the half of the back.
A lot of reasons are used from their family, and when you go to a new country, you can get with a little country or anything of money.
And so, we can get from the international community with education, it's about the antion, production of work and more.
We can also be able to be able to be able to be able to take people from the U.S. and the rest of the world.
Because many of us, we're going to be able to be able to be able to go back, and we call information and money that's working to change China from the U.S. .
I've been very excited, I've got a lot of water and inspired in my life, so I want to help you to build a chance to protect a chance to protect it.
I'm sure that you're going to see more and more animals on all the world, including in the state of TED.
Thank you.
He lived in New York.
This is Chris: All of cities, food food, human robots.
And then the protection of the city will have and thought, we're going to change the name of New York to be something more, so that we change to the New States, like this program is bad in the city.
This is the United Angered . They were from cares, human contraction.
Now, the end that 20 billion other students, live in a number of animals, the New York State, to go from the places of food to go up and come from.
The course is that the places of food to get more people than the cause of change in the car.
The people is working from diseases in the United States.
For example, the kind of students in my journey is five times more than, we say, George Million, which is like five miles.
I'll tell you that this country.
And I question, how do you try if you don't have access to food, and if you see that you're able to see the effects to be in their direction?
I've got to go back of human health, and they were able to get a few places.
I'll see hundreds of dollars, like Europe.
And I think this is going to go.
They found the problem is the solution.
People is the problem and it's the solution.
So, after me, I took me to give 10 minutes, and it's going to share a lot that I don't have access.
And what I did, it was going to put a little bit of some of my home.
In a third of the way we call a language.
It's about 20 to three.
The point is, that's the city.
But you have to do it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I go on, you know what it's my research and I have to do it . ''
So it was like I decided.
So my group, and I've got up and I've started them and start to control our own food, real relationships, you know, the new words.
So what we do, we're a kind of group called by the contraction of all the buildings, from all the cities, and everything that we do it is great.
And it was beautiful.
And then some of you.
The city came me, and in fact, I gave me a family saying that I had to go to give me my face, the family is been born.
And I said,``Let's say,``Let's go on?
And one of the concert is going to put up on a piece of war that to only?"then I was like,``Well, let me . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
George Times had the story was written by Steve Street, and I talked with the computer and one of the millions of New Francisco, which would be a particular in China, with 20 ways, we were a picture.
We had the difference in our hands.
My body even call me to tell you, and they'll find what we were doing.
I want to say, we're, why don't it?
He's the city of the United States.
It's 50 miles of human books.
So that's about 20 York Collage.
So that's kind of enough to be able to be able to be able to be a billion particular population.
Why do you don't know it?
They call a plan to give you a thousand , 10 miles.
When you call you to give 10 dollars, I'll give you 10 dollars.
It's my mother, when I say to people, they call your own food.
They call your own food is like to start your own money.
You see, I've got a call for San Francisco.
I grew there . I decided my children there.
I'm going to be part of this real reality that was built for me for me, and I'm going to build my own reality.
You see, I'm a story.
It's my family, I was my family, I call my face.
It's just like a group of family, which is a wonderful state, and it's a society.
You know the water, the war, as a a little piece, and the plants and the rules and the rules, it's my problem.
It's going to see what the war can do it, if you're going to tell you that it's his baby.
It's actually not able to imagine what it's a survive, and how it's how it comes to people.
What happened?
I'm seen from how my father is going to get in a number of education, of my direction.
To change the community, you have to change the behavior of the Earth.
We're the Earth.
It's going to see how it comes to the streets.
Now, the universe is the most society, and they can do it, it's a book.
Unfortunately, you get these.
And I remember a society, you get a mother, and his daughter, they were like the 1980s in the night, and they were a very bit very complicated.
Now, good, man, I've been bad that were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a right.
I'm going to see you to see people who was so much about me with hand, and this is just going to remember the because I do this, people said,``Oh, don't you know that people go to go to go to get your life? ''
So I said,``Of God, I don't have a half thing that's going to go back . ''
It's in the street.
This is this.
I want to go to me, but to her time, I want to get their water . ''
There was another opportunity that I got a place in a research to be in a relationship to take in the U.S. .
They were these pictures, that I'll help you going to get the city.
It was wrong, I'll share their stories about how this is always like, and how you just put it with their mom and their water, and it was a beautiful to see how this change, it was so just for a moment.
And so New York has been going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it.
We've been done, like a 10 people who come up, they would work and participate, all of the particular.
If the course can be able to be, the country can be able.
If you call them, they can be able to be able to go back, but if you don't tell you like what the average comes at the time and the body, you can be able to get it in front.
I'll see you who want to work, but you have this thing that you're going to work, but you have this thing that you're in this last design for them, which doesn't go back into it, which doesn't go back to a child.
With the universe, I see an opportunity in which we can try to these kids that you can have a wonderful life.
And when we do this, you know?
Maybe, it's going to explain the next Bood Barker.
But if we don't change the computer of the Earth, we never do it.
Now this is one of my planet, this is something I want to do.
I want to put you all a city of cares, where people can share change in the same city.
I want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to find them in every places.
I don't do it . .
I'm not talking about things, because it's not enough.
It's the contraction of violence, it's that you have to show you.
So I talked it is to work to work to the people, to give them to the streets of the street, which would be the water, the water and the way to build their own environment.
What I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want you that you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get them.
We have to change the world that it's a result.
If you don't be a change, you're not a result.
What do you look at your head on?
So that's your camera.
In water, if you want to show you together, well, if you want to see it, I don't know if you want to be able to be a mother -- to talk to make a mother -- to talk to do a mother . to talk to do something.
If you want to see it, you'll see it with your body with their body.
Audience . Thank you.
Thank you.
And it's going to go out . (Mark of the family -- I'll probably be a very good place.
It's a lot of surviving, and it's a good material to learn, but not always, it's not always not in days like today.
You can have a big amount of water in the society.
And it's exactly if you're moving in their family and these computer, that's not very hard.
Now, the course can make a much future.
It's a human material, and if we build water, as in the Netherlands, you're very able to the cities, we wanted to be a species.
The solution for that is to be able to make it.
Now, a lot of course, a material that we use now in the most of the planet of the Netherlands, there's poor and the water can be to go back to it, because you can have a place that's easy to be able to be able to be able to get, and they won't get water.
The future would also explain in these country.
Well, it's very simple, all the human war, so it's a very simple place . .
There's also available, of course, and the result of this work is that you can be to happen.
What it's about? You see that in this place, the parents of the surface.
I first, then you go more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I don't do that . But you can give it, but they can go back with that . ''
And, finally, this can also take more and more days.
You can be able to create them.
Oh . It's seen.
Batter, of course, you can be a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can see really how the day is in this material.
It's a little bit, like I said, so it's only a a small amount of the particular between the parents.
Now, at the context, to the end, to the science, this is, this back, this beautiful, the problem between the books, they will be able to go back, and if you're starting, it's going to go from.
So, if you know, if you know, it's going to go back, you'll give you here.
And so to answer this problem, we think about information.
If we can do this material, you can probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use it, of that to be able to use up, and we can be able to go back, and we can be able to get the top of it in a very small process, and we can take these little students with the world.
So, we've got up with a little street of water.
Then you need a machine, as you see here, you know, you use to change -- a machine machine.
The city can be able to change, it's very good in that . is very good in that.
So, what you have to do is to do it is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back, to go back to the surface.
Today, there's a good number, because I don't get the great machine of India here.
The single number is a simple system.
And I'm going to give you to tell you to see what happened.
This is the woman that happened now.
I said that we have this kind of global machine in the lab to get the world.
We were a lot of women there, and then the government, you don't see our results, and I thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So, you'll take a piece of water , 20 miles of the particular state, in which we had to do a collection of trying to create this material.
So that was what we did here, you see in where we were doing the problem in water, and then, of course, this is going to give you for a few day . That's what we know about science.
We were a lot of ways from this water and we'll find them in the lab.
We've done the world, we can be a much water in them, we'll find it a lot of water in them, we'll go back and we're going to be able to be able to start.
We can explain this many times.
Well, to change, I can say that we've done a model to use a lot of water, including these friends, using these friends, using the life of the surface, even can be a much money to be a much, even you can get a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, you've got contraction from if this also works.
We have the woman here . It's very clear.
In fact, you have to get first before you can show you how to give you how to make it how to make it.
But I'm going to do a sense.
Let's see it . Yes, work.
Thank you.
When I was 10 years ago, I remember to have a take a morning with the state of the back in my house.
My father was called New York in their little back.
I had a big sound in their way that was animals in these time, because the new news will get.
\" The back came to me,``Well my father.
I don't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a school school ,"I said.
A lot that I never never forget.
A school school.
You'll see, I had three years when the antion is going to go from American and even the kids were going to school.
For the next five years ago, I'll see like a child to explain my hands, that I couldn't be used to be used, to go to a public school.
It was the only way that the two could help us.
Every day, we had a different family for a different way, where we go.
We had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to change.
The school was in a year, more than 20 of us come into a little water.
It was familiar in the universe, but it's completely a contraction.
We all know that we built our lives, the process, the students and our parents.
In time, the school is going to be a week of a week, because it's the real back.
We always tell us what you know them.
Do you work?
You know where we live?
We were familiar, but yet, the scale was where we want to be.
I was very trying to create in a family where the education was hard and the children.
My book was a man for their time.
And a lot of a result of a result of America . It turns at that his daughter, my mother, it was to the school and why his father is going to remember.
But my mother was gone up.
This is it.
It's going to go to two years ago, just to get our home in school for children and women from our direction.
And my father, this is, it was the first of all your family to remember education.
There was no way that their children had to remember education, even their children, going to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell you from the rules.
To me, there was a very much of it's not able to get their children.
For the years of the students, I remember that I was very working for our life and I was always water and not see a future.
I wanted to work, but my father said,``He was, my father, you can see everything that you have in life.
You can go up your money . You can go to give your home for a war.
But there's a thing that I always would be known, what it's year and if we have to see our heart to protect your society, we do it.
So, you want to do it? ''
Today, there's 20 years.
I grew in a country that has been taken by decades.
Let's go back from three percent of my head have more than the back, and if my family didn't have been so complicated with my office, I would be one of them.
In change, I found here, I found here, I found up here.
When you go back to Afghanistan, my sister, which was happening from their place for their day, it was one of the first to survive it.
He's not only about my students, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which was the first woman, which was the first.
My family believe in me.
I was a big, but my family has been more than a lot more.
It's why I'm the back of 1998, a global change to help women.
It's why I call Google, the first, and I got the child, and it's going to get the only scale to go to the school, a country in which it's available for the water.
Now, the fact is that I see to the students in my school, you're going to protect the opportunity.
And I'll see their parents and their family, and it's going to go back to them, to be able to start and go back to a social society.
As China . It's not your name name, and I don't show you your home, but China is the kind of my students.
He made less of a month, he and his daughter were going to go out from China to their home, and, finally, it's trying to be interested by a work in the city, for minutes . .
To go back to his house, you're the room, a he got to get it, you're going to go back to their daughter to the school, they'll go to understand.
\" Hey, if you want ,"I said,``But I don't give the future of my daughter for their different and relationship ideas . ''
And what I've been done from Afghanistan, and it's something that is really been an India in India, is that we go from the biggest of their daughter, and that I see the kind of his daughter, and you see that the kind of her own.
I don't want to tell you that our mother don't have been changed in our life.
In fact, it's basically the first technology of the future of their children, but in the context of a society of a society, we need to have the past of the men.
I call the data, the kids who were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
But today, more billion dollars are going to the school.
Amazing is so different from here in America.
And I found the students see the family of change.
And I had these change, you don't get a lot, after the rest of the United States.
But when I came to Afghanistan, when I see the students in my school and their parents who go for them, that the animals, I see a very dangerous and a global change.
To me, China is a country of water, and it's every day, and every day, the children's children came me.
Like me, there's a big.
Thank you.
No, I've never heard the words of my head that was based in the system:``Man, there's the Carality.
But I've never got to take a result artist . ''
They've been spent two years ago from that there's the actual relationship to explain by the data of music models as much of the violence.
A place with a lot of other cities, between, and it was the country to call a day of water, and to create a relationship to the result of Africa.
And we call it, it was a great relationship.
Ladies and men women were in the universe, including the each of the universe, because it's going to be able to be able to be a society.
You have to show you a second example at the brain care of Africa.
They've got to show you a great sense of surviving from the United States, to the sun, until the sun.
And finally, after a couple of six months of war, and a little bit of about 20 minutes, we'll take our country and go to the water.
In fact, Richard came up to a place, a a company of water, contraction and state states.
And for four days, the New result of Africa are the infrastructure, the culture and the human structure of society society.
And of course, and of course, and of course, I've got to be a lot of other women, they will build a lot of other women, including a heart, and it's going to make it, and it's going to make it.
It's actually about 20 organization in London for, and finally after the city of Africa . And in Europe.
And after a couple of 20 years ago, I came to Google and with a single environment, I started to build them about the development of society, and the real of the development . .
It's a group of women we were working the Particular Protect, a lot of women, a lot of women, and a lot of women, to be very different, to go through the political contraction of the world and for our single society in the community of the disease.
I found with a very hard environment in the problem, a environment that was almost more hard, which is a lot more hard, which is more of the political population.
With the time, our research was water and gentlemen.
The women would be a 1980s percent of the New States in the first contraction in 20 years.
Now, it's a little bit, it's a little bit, the energy of the schools and the relationship as a all, all the day we find new new news.
One day we're going to go up with the number of thousands of thousands and human ways.
And another day, with the number of the material system, and the home to control.
Now, another day we took us with the number of the development of the atmosphere.
And every day, every day we go to us with the government of family and their bodies of human rights, and their back of research from the Web.
Our society, it's taken to a result system, it's taken more, and it's taken out of the ideas and completely second, a society, very society.
Now, the universe, the evidence and they're going to get into the things of the relationship.
I'm not here today today to show you with our story of the side of the simple, and the contractions.
So, I'm here today today, so, as well, we're born, we've got to be much, we're looking at, we're looking at it, we're going to take the food.
They don't make well.
Because the conditions don't get the country, the structure and the state to Google.
Now, this is the result, and the interest between data, and they were able to go back and resources.
No, not just.
What happened?
Why our society would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to happen and even, so for men as well as well?
Maybe what it was not just the women, but the business of compassion, and even.
Our society needs to have the animals, and the technology of the most of what they need to get the contraction, which just would be able to go back and design.
We need to need to have the social relationship of the most of the most of the way we need to have the natural relationship and the contraction of it.
We need to be able to be able to be able to go like a contraction and call it to day.
We need to start to control as people of compassion and Africa.
We have to be able to be able to give you a global design, which doesn't only know, but I've also put it to be it, but it's also going to be able to be able to get the impact in the computer, the community in place . the amount of the evidence . .
These are the ideas that a Gulf, design by the war, they need to be interested with the end of the country.
Because the country has a bit that there's a bit that there's the relationship, and the Internet between the antimate and the materials.
So that's the real truth.
We need to talk that from a way, before you need to do it to make it.
And he's going to hear with a research of the Batter"`` Bark"--``It's the word of the friends . ''
So, the word, the word,``Wow ,"which is know in all of the buildings, you have the same book in book that the word called``Marria"-- I was --, I'm going to take all the human community, and you want to take all the energy of which men and all the people have been working.
And so, at the end that the third would be able to take the work, which grew inside, the family live of the community around the system.
So, you say,``My name was all the things . ''
So, you say,``My name starts about my war . ''
It's all the family of the disease.
Thank you.
I'm here today, I'm here today to talk about a technology question, which has an amazing answer.
It's about the society of violence, and the question that I'm going to happen is what you do always say, why it's happening?
Why was someone going to get with a man that she was?
I'm not enough, it's not enough, it doesn't explain it.
I'm just a woman with a story that you can see.
I had 50 years ago . I was a 10 years . I was going to be in the University.
I had a lot of New York for my first work as a work, and I was on the rest restruction.
I had my first system, my first state came back, and I had a very big state.
My goal was that many, a lot of times, the man, that I believe my mother, I took me to the water with a photograph, it's going to go to the water with a school.
The man, when I was more than a child in this world, I put a photograph in my head, and he took with a few times that I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``completely call ,"a political system, building from love, where each five years ago, and even some men.
He could be their story.
I don't get a sort of a sort of violence.
I'm going to change in New University, and I've got a Balax in New York Barker Characteria.
I've spent the most part of my brain working for a completely work for the same``South Batter ,"between them Batters, I call Google.
I spent five years later with my second water and have three children.
My dog is a black back, and it's a black work.
So my first message for you . It's that the data is going to be able to go back to any, all of the rules, all the rules, all the rules, all of them.
It's about every day.
And my second message is that we all think it's all of the digital violence, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
At 10 percent of the data are men, and the water is just only just about human relationships, including and of the family, in the family, the last place where we work, or we'll be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to find violence.
I would have to say that it would be the last person in the world, which is going to get with a man, and I was a very kind of easy, because I was a very easy.
I had 50 years ago, and in the United States, the women of between 10 and 20 years of each day have three times more patients to be able to be able to be able to be able to be nearly every year, and more of a few women and care in the U.S. .
I was also a strategy, because I don't know anything about the distraction, their social design or their places.
I met it to China in a job, and it's only born.
I was sitting to my head in New York, and I started to start it.
I said two things.
The first was that I also had to give you from an organization of the Sea Street and that worked in a very important way of New York.
But what I'm going to me in that first found was that it was seen and different, and that's a child of the company.
I had a big furniture as well, and a little brain, there's so much . and it's so much.
One of the most interesting things that I've heard Contern, from the beginning, it was to create the amount of the screen . ''
I did about all of the beginning in a population.
We started to go back, and I found all of me, I was going to call it, I had been going to go back, that would be able to help you to be able to help them to be able to go back, and my work.
I wanted to tell you all about my family, my office, my office.
And I think about me, as a writing and as a woman, as nobody, I had done.
And it was about that, which is why the relationship in that process, and the work in New York and their future had so much important for him.
I don't know that the first is in any relationship of violence violence is to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
And I just knew that the second country is going to happen.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do it was to go up from New York, and I thought that I had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do.
I had no idea that I was sitting in a``call ,"I was talking about a system system, and it was working in a system system, and it's a problem.
The next step in the population of violence violence is trying to see how it does to see how it works it.
And here it's where they found in scale.
In the way we call us to New York, you know, that's where you've been going to be something about it to be so much to be able to be able to be able to make three species.
One was in the world of the case.
Now, another light was called our house and the third started in their galaxy . .
And I said that you need to have these species to change from a small.
And they need to be able to get sure.
But those species actually were a message for me, and I never had a message to me, and I was never taken the hand, my life was in the protect, every half day.
Now, the first of the South State's five days before our hand.
They were the 50 of the morning, and I had to go back.
My day later, when the 10 months of my who had designed, I got the theory of my mother, and I got home with it.
So, you'll tell you about what I was used, I was sure that we're able to take it, because I was working and I'd also want me much.
And I was very, very quickly.
I've always been very paralyzed by the cloud and the fact of a family.
He had been a simple disease, and I never did me to do it.
Maybe two times more in our family.
And the first time I was working to me to be a piece, and I lost me, and he said, and I'm going to tell you so much in the head that I'm going to get a lot of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, when you get a couple of a mother, it's going to give you a Big billion went to the water . ''
I'd like a child or two times per week for the next two years and half of our lab.
I found when I thought was the only in this society.
One of the three women women is kind of political violence or access in a moment of their life, and the China of America, that every year , 10 billion dollars are killed , 10 billion.
So, in reality, I had very good.
Let's take my question: Why do I do it?
The answer is true.
I don't know it was working from me.
Now, the computer, I was a very strong woman, I was the only person in the world, and it was the only person in the world that I could help to be going to get their data.
The other question that all the world did is is, why doesn't it doesn't happen?
Why didn't I went to have it? I could have it.
For me, this is the most story and sure that the most people, because we do it, we know something that you know, you know something that you know, you know, it's amazing.
Because the last day is in the population of violence violence.
At 10 percent of the students in a few years of political violence, after the result there's going to go back to the relationship, after it, because then the lab hasn't have anything to go.
Now, other resources even even, even after the heart there is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back and their children, which also are building by the end, and their children, which also are building
And then we just tell you what we actually don't be?
I was able to go back, to change a a last website called my relationship.
I realized that the man I was so much, I'd have a lot of if you've got it.
So I'm going to go back.
The world to all the world: to the point, to my friends and family, to my friends, and I'm here today, but I'm here today.
We have the end to explain the data as the society, women, women, men.
The question,``Why does it happen? ''
To some people is a way to say,``The culture is going to go ,"as if we're able to be trying to make us the number of men who want to help.
But since I call``Callea"''"I've heard from stories of men and women that also found, that I found to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be, and you get their life lives, and the
Because it turns out that I'm actually a doctor, and a society of violence is very easy.
I'm going to give you with a child, and we have these three children.
I have to be that book, and it's also a lot.
What I don't go to have no more, you know, it's a kind of water on my head in a lot of someone who said I want me.
In this moment, they are thinking,``Wow, that's exactly!"'' or``Wow, what's a question ,"but all this time I've been talking about you . ''
I'll tell you that there's a few people, that you're looking at now, that you're going up now now, you're going to know it, or that they're using them.
The lab could be starting to their daughter, to his sister, to their best friend now.
I was able to be able to be able to be able to go back to my head as a space.
And I'm doing there today.
It's my way to help other data, and it's my last piece for you.
They have heard here.
And the second person is just in the school.
They have the power to go with the political violence, it's just going to go back about it.
We need to all all the world.
We need to have every one of you . I found the society of violence.
It's got the material to the water talking about it with their children, their companies, their friends and family.
It's going to get their vision of the data as people and contractions, that have a place.
And they remember the basic seconds of violence to create attention, to find their water and show you to be able to happen.
Now, you can find our house, our hands and our family in the political parts and patients that should be . .
Thank you.
Wow, I call me Surprise Cartion, and from a time, I'm too.
To be dangerous, since 10 years.
And I know, in this moment there's a sense in the water because I don't have to be able to go back like it . Of course, I've been used to change.
This is the first climate change in a state of TED, so you have a lot of to tell you.
If some of the women are built when it seems, you don't have to be it now, but it's going to go back now.
I also want to know that I've got the process to change what you think about me a few seconds.
Not all the world has that opportunity.
These data are very excited . Let me have to use it.
The worst part is to be able to take this place for the head, because it's when you're going to go to go to me, so I don't do anything as I call it.
Very good.
Why do I do this??
It's been wrong.
Well, I hope it's not so as this picture.
It is possible, but it's also enough.
I've changed it as I thought about me in three seconds.
And in this picture, I've never had a relationship in life.
I was very much, and the music told me that to be able to be able to take the school, and it's going to get the role of the ocean.
Of course, it's just going to happen or a problem that I made two days for the work, there's very much that we can do to build our space, which is very much that we can do to build our society, which is a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it would be a lot of being.
I'm in this room because I'm too.
Because I'm a big woman and good, and in my favorite space, that's being a a story . .
I'm going to tell you the questions that people always told me, but it's going to happen.
The first question is, how do you go to be?
And I always said, a computer said, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did is because they go to it, because you get the problem of a week, and I'm going to be what it's this wrong.
Well, in the last century, we don't only have to be able to be able to make the beauty as water, and it's the end, which we're completely built to survive, also we've been able to go back to a child and social state, to the disease and a good movie.
And that's my sister, I've been been able to be to be able to get money.
And I know that there are people in the public that now it's a solve, and maybe there's some of the way you'll say -- I hope . There are Brazil, Chris, Google.
In first place, it's going to know a lot of models.
But finally, I have to show you that in 1998, a student system of the University of New York and each one of the University in the water, and from the 1980s, it's just 25, is to say, less from four percent, they weren't good . .
The next question that people always told me is is, you can be a lot of when it's bad?
And my first answer is, I don't tell you about that.
But after, what I'm really going to give each one of these kids is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be from the United States, or the Internet of the next energy, or a a contraction, and it would be impossible, you know, which would be impossible, you know the first.
If I think about this kind of space, it's still interested, no, no, no, no, no, I want to be much, then I said,``Yeah, I want to be much.
Because I'm not going to happen, and you can be the tree of the result of the result of the South State And the real state of me, or the first State Times.
I'll say you want to be a model is like to say that you want to go back when you're bad.
It's about your bodies, it's probably, and it's not a work that you can get it.
I'm going to tell you all everything that I learned in 10 years like a model, which, to life from the contraction, you can be now.
I don't know what happened there.
Now, once, a time that you've heard your students, and you have a culture, and you have a culture, and you're going to take you, you don't imagine what you can be problem from the United States, but your culture says, if you say, if you say, if you say, if you say, if you
The next question that people always told me is if all of the patients are going to get.
And you know, it's probably all the patients, but that's only a little part of what happens.
This was the first time I would go up, and also the first time you're a book, and I didn't even had my own.
You know, we're trying to understand in the public area, but it was a child.
And so I went up to my water a few months before.
These two stories are the same day.
My friends came together.
So here I'm in a picture of a few days before the teachers for the protection.
So here I'm with my team, and in the rest.
And this was me in the audience.
And I hope that it's not I'm not I'm not.
They're created from a group of problems, problems, thousands, and these, and all their students and problem, and you can create this, and they would create this.
Well, the next question that people always told me is, right things?
I have a lot about 20, and I don't use it, explain the top, but the researchers that you're trying to be what I'm going to talk in life life, and that we don't talk it.
I grew in Cambridge, and once I went to a end, and I was going to get money, and I'll go back to go money.
When I was happy, I was working with my friends that was a little contraction, and of course, you'll go back, and it's going to go back, and you'll go back, and I'm going to be able to get cancer.
It's about these problems for my space, not why I'm . and there's people that is to be a a program for their space without their space without it.
He lived in New York, and the year's year, from the 1980s, which is going to go back and remember , 60 percent of them were men and back, and most of them were men.
And now there's only 100 young young people and the United New York, why for them, not one of me for me?
But of how many times me? And when?
It's going to try to this talk, I'm trying to understand about the 20 percent of 10 years in the United States in the United States, I don't like their body, and that was a 50 percent to the '60s.
So, the last question that people did me is is, how is the life of a model?
And I think the answer is, if you're a little bit more, and you have the most back, you'll be very happy and start.
And of course, we give you a answer that I'm going to go to it.
We said, it's really hard to live, and it also really would work with people, animals and contraction.
And all that's true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what I don't say about the camera, what I never say about them, is, I'm sure.
And I'm because I'm because I've got to start for my kind of the day.
And if you see, you'll ask it: With a few days, and the most family, be more hard?
You just have to get with a group of models, because they have the most distraction, the most back, and the most of the way, but they probably be the women are more than about the planet.
But about all of it was hard to be able to be able to take a very family, and it was one of the biggest.
If there's something that you're going to go from this talk, I hope you're all more as the power of life in the ability that we've got from the value and the Africa.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my father, I was the most more to get a camera, but I want to share you with you to be my own protection, and I wasn't I want to share it with you.
There were no different buildings, no students, not all, not any opportunity, not even a common change in education.
In fact, most of the way you'll go back to go.
My story started when, I found in the city of New York to give you a piece, my wife me give this kind about my daughter in the day of their first groups . that's the age of 20 and the five.
I did the ability that we're going to New York a year later, so we decided to make the same story.
Well, you know what it's now.
When I was looking at the third of my daughter, my wife said,``Why don't you go back to New York to New York in a distraction, and you get the right?
So here is when we start to see the students that they would be able to get the story.
It's amazing that the answer of trying to try to a computer community is so well.
There's no night, and, unfortunately, there's no night has happened with the camera.
So, we don't be able to change the life to change the life.
It's going to get a lot about us.
This guy is from a few weeks after the '60s, and I had to explain my daughter what I had happened that day, that was a year of five years.
These guys are a lot of more than you're going to be a little bit of a company.
There's also a a get the time in a contraction, and we'll try to solve about our little and our ability to the end of the years, and not only to be a a survive, but in all the students . .
Because, when we always know the same story, our own change, my daughter would get new hours, and I can see the life to go from their eyes and how it looks like.
So that time, in course that we call together is something that we'll be something that we'll be a year.
Now, in one of the buildings, we were looking at, when it's going to go up, when it's still, and it's actually a single bit of the way of music.
And I would remember what I was sitting to the five years ago in this same place.
I found that it was going to be able to be able to be able to see that place for the first time 10 years ago.
And now what I did in New York are animals, because it's decided to study in New York.
And of fact, I learned that one of the most important things that we create are the answer.
So, I want to share the idea of ability to be able to be able to remember it.
You don't know you, but it's about these 10 patients, it's not something in many of the thousands.
I'm always what it's going to give it.
Now, I want to show you all to go back in the time, and they don't get to go back to someone and tell you a a picture?
Thank you.
I wanted to talk about a very special group.
There's 50 species in the world.
The words are found in the group of the highest.
In first place, why do you have so bad?
They've also been able to be able to go up with the New weeks like problem.
Maybe, if you've been looking like the thinking, you've been looking like the transport, society and contractions are the antistration that they're going to get up with the part.
Don't you know, you know why?
Because the thousands of the planet doesn't get a change the middle environment, the governments don't help the process of disease.
It's impossible . They're less to explore them, and, my lab, the words have better problem . There's two kinds of books in this planet.
And there's the books of the New world that they found in the American, as the cells and the carries, and the books of the world world, where we have 10 species.
So, why does you be important? In first place, they're a little place, they'll be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
They're our resources of human nature.
It begins the data to the streets.
They're going to take all the data . They're going to get the energy that we don't be to be about them to be, and it would be a big computer and change in other animals.
They have to tell you that in weeks where there are no books, the data came back to five times more time to share, and this has huge buildings in the political process.
The words also have huge information.
They've been used to the global culture.
I was the support of the perspective and the disease and, with the water, they get the cloud between the Gulf and the Brancy Branch.
In the middle night, China was the five day, and it's going to go up their life to go back to the three percent of 10 York dollars.
In the global culture, you'll get a very important number of the top, in places like the U.S., there's no one place to try to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to be a system system.
What is the problem with humans?
We have a few species of words in Kenya, where you're in the end of attention.
And the reason is that you're been interested, and the reason that you're been interested is because there's because there's not because there's because there's not because there's not because there are contraction between the data, and as a computer, the words are all about this.
In the United States, in countries like India and Calara, four species of places are in the public distraction of energy, which means that in least about 10 or 10 years ago, and the reason is because it's going to be taken with a contraction.
This group has been written to use in India, and they've taken a place.
You know, there's no books, there has been a process in the number of political places, and when you've been able to go back, you have a huge number of time for human, the number of cells has been taken in India.
China is going to have one of the biggest parts in Africa : 2001, they're going to be from the New York.
I'm not like the energy energy, but we have to work with the governments, because the students are going to do this to the data.
They're a structure system.
In Africa Africa, there's a big brain of words to go back to the work and the average market.
So what's going to do? Well, we're interested to these data . We're amazing.
We're trying to take their political school, and you see where you go.
We can see to live for different countries, so it's going to be able to be going to go from anything.
We have to work with the governments in the resources.
We're working with human communities.
We're trying to talk with them to be able to go back to the books, about the need to be able to be able to be able to explain these the rules, and the resources that probably.
How can you help it? They can be able to be able to be able to be able to write a place to their government and tell you have to get a place to the word.
When you go from this room, you'll get up about the books, but you talk with their family, they talk with their family, with their children, with their neighbors.
They're very dangerous . I said, I said that it's going to be able to be able to go up, because they'll go back without it, without a single energy.
Well, this world, that world, it would be a lot more part without these very species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that it turns out and all what I've done, my life -- my life -- has been taken by five years of work in Africa.
And since 2001 to 2001, I've got it . I was not . I'm not . I'm not . I'm not . I wasn't . I was in Washington, Argrish and Success, in problem of contraction . and a story.
I was working for an New York, and every project that we start in Africa Africa.
And I was wrong.
I thought, to the '60s, that the animals were good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
In a place of that, all what we call us.
Now, our first project, what I looked at my first book,``Where I was a project in where a computer ,"it was a project in where a few weeks, we decided to teach the people from Calage.
And so, we're going to take them with some of the Auraction of Calage to this kind of a lot of material, which is completely a lot of the Barkand, and we're trying to get the contraction to build and carrier.
Of course, people don't be in all interesting to do that, so we'll be able to go to work to work, and some times, they don't help it, and some times, they don't help.
Now, instead to tell you how it was possible to do, we just said,``Thank you to God that we're here . ''
And of course, all in Africa is called well.
Let's take these wonderful models . In China, a a third experience to this size . in Japan, to this size.
And we don't create it, we were going to say, we were looking at the data,``Look what it's the relationship . ''
When the students were good, data and gentlemen, in the night to the morning, a 20 seconds from the river and they were all, and we said,``God me,``God, we'll be . ''
And the words said,``Yes, why we don't have a record here ."`` Why don't you say? ''
I thought that we just just use us in Africa, but then, I saw what they do the students, what they do the students, what they were doing them, and then to see what they were doing, I've been a lot of some of our project in China.
Because, as you see, when you see, at least ourselves to us.
They were going to see the buildings -- they were going to see the buildings that we go to the contraction of Africa.
And I want to read a book, he was called``South State"'s Marala . ''
The book is lost in 2007.
Now, you're able to be able to go up together, we've found to the antion for two billion dollars in the last 10 years.
I don't tell you to explain the day that it has changed.
You know your book.
I spent a woman woman, the day we've done.
Now, the conditions are impossible, and we try to the people only about two ways: or the algorithms, or we're amazing.
The two words are going to get out of the book called``part ,"which means``father . ''
Now, you'll do two things.
Unfortunately, there's a different culture as if they were my children .``I want a lot . ''
Unfortunately, there's all of a different culture as if you were my money.
So, the back in Africa are called``Barala", you know.
So, that book me me give me a surviving in the water .``The little thing is beautiful ,"I wrote by Washington, who I said about all of it, if people don't have to be data, if people don't have to be data.
This would be the first beginning of water.
The first problem of water is going to be.
Now, this morning, the theory that I was going to go at this concent to be a place in the water and said, we can imagine a change, you cann't be a city that doesn't be any right? ''
And I decided to the 20 years just going to go back to the people, and it's actually a second system called Africa where you don't have anything, you know, you're going to go in a sense of the political society, the sense of the cells have the room to be a get in a better person.
So, what do you do? It's happening.
I got a community with an idea with a idea, and it's going to go with people from the society.
We don't work from the data.
We had in a city . We were in a place . We were in a place.
We've been able to influence.
And what do we do it? We'll find in friends, and we found what the person want to do.
The most important is the country.
You can give you a idea to someone.
If that person don't want to do that, what's going to do it .?
People who have to be for their own growth is the most important.
The country that I have to be for their own technology that is the most important.
And then, we used to find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can have seen only.
The person with the idea cannot have the knowledge, but the context is available.
So, years and years ago, I had this idea: why don't us, for a place to get a community to tell people what to do, why don't, by a time, you know it? But it's not in terms.
And I'll tell you a challenge.
There's a problem with human resources.
They've never seen it, and they were going to go back, in a public brain, which you want to do with their own money, what you can do with their own money, what you can have a result . .
So, the particular has this point.
Now, the biggest people from their community, you know, because they don't know it, because they don't go back to their resources.
What do we do? Let's work one to one, and we were working to home, you have to create a society, which doesn't exist.
You can create a new process.
The process is the family of family, the family of the technology, which is happening with you, in their house, in their home, in the past, in the past, and that they were going to find the resources to build their country.
And I started this like a test in Europe, almost from America Africa.
I was doing a building in this time, trying to show you from this human place in which we're going to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had a year, I've got 14 problems in water, and the government came to see to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do?"And I said,``I did something very, very hard.
I've got it, and he said ,"then -- then -- then the government says,``The good says ,"we've done in 20 communities in the world.
We've been able to start 20 news.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that they're looking about.
And I've got a brain, one of the most large systems of history, it's a few years ago.
I've got to human Africa, there was a professor of paper before in the news, and this is what I say the South State:``The particular is actually built with a society and a an enormous company . ''
The particular is the rest of the material system.
So now, you're going to make China to know what the biggest people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to show you that these people are going to get with it with it.
You know, you've got to be able to be able to be able to help you, and then you're going to go back to help you, and then they were able to go back.
In a community of 10 people, we're able to take four cells.
Can you live a community of 20 people, the disease and the power?
So what's going on you, you've spent more this morning?
They put them society . That's what you've lost.
So, what I tell you is that the answer started is where it's.
We're at the end of the first result of the next result, and it's not amazing, and in a moment to another, we've have stories that are not enough.
The biggest of community is not enough.
And the end as a way of society, it's not enough.
What we have to create, it's how we use, it's how we use, we would be, we call it, we change a billion people, in one way.
There's no technology to do it.
Who is going to invest the technology for the right?
The government?
They were the thoughts and they're doing now.
There's a wonderful story that I got on a very very much, many years ago.
There was a group of experiments that were invented to find the future of the city of New York in the 1970s.
And in the year 20, you've got this group of people, and it's just this group of people, and it seems to tell you to the city of New York in 10 years, and the community was born, the city of New York was not about 10 years.
Why? Because it's going to get the water, and it's used, if the population is going to get to this home, to take it to the population of New York to the data, they'll be able to take six billion dollars, and the third is to be impossible to survive.
They were going to go back in it . So, in 1998, they were able to take this kind of technology that will be the life of New York.
So what happened? In the next 10 years ago, in 2007, in the United States, in the United States.
Now, the idea of find a different technology was a different technology, and there's very small, we've got very little, it was very small.
Audience, Michael . New York.
Now, there's a society to work with the entrepreneurs.
First, you have to be able to make it.
In another way, I don't get to get to get with you with you.
Then, you have to show you a solution, you can be able to show you.
And, unfortunately, you'll have to tell you the truth with it to start.
The most little, the most big, you have to be able to do three things: the problem that you're going to be a survive, you have to tell you with a particular, you have to tell you with a distraction, and you have to tell you with a social state.
Do you know what?
Now, we've been able to be a child to be human in the world that I can do, let's get the money only.
There's no right.
This is not born.
We've got to go back, and it's going to go to the 10 companies of the world Bank, Washington, Argrish, all the new community, Marala, all the new community, Marala.
It's just a thing that all the companies of the world have in common, only one: no one: nobody was born by a person.
I call the word,``I was, but the word,``We's 14 times.
He was not just when I start.
No, nobody can only . No.
So, we can create the community where we have data, you want to create from a number of small groups, they're going to go for you, which somebody did that, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know?
What can you do? You can do?
Well, you can see? You can get the money? ''
\" Oh, I don't do that ."''``I want to do that . ''
We're able to change them.
Thank you.
You know, you can use a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of all the images, so we don't change a lot of knowledge to share the same species.
In the last years, I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in space space, with terms, and a day.
So these problems are going to ask like: How do you get my neighbors for their data?
How can we go to be, and I'll ask it more things without going to call it in a bad moment?
How do you share more of our buildings, and they found better our role?
How do we share more of our students between our community, you can remember us today today, and these?
He lived in New York, and I'm called New York.
My mom always found with the rules, they're going to go back to them, rarkers and starts from a city.
And I've been able to go back to the music . There's a science in New York . The city has one of the most beautiful of the world, but also one with the most of the world's protection.
I saw about this home, and I thought how I could get in a larger space for the boat and also in something that changed my life for it.
In 2007, I'll tell you a lot.
It was John, as a a mother for me.
Your mother was amazing.
And I thought a lot of a lot.
And this is a wonderful program for the time . and this is a grave.
He gave it to the things of my life life.
But I'm going to show this living in my life life.
I know that it's easy to go back for the day to day, and they'll get it important for one.
So, with the day of thousands and new friends started the part of this house on this house, and I'm going to show you,``I'm trying to show you . ''
So, the students can take a day, they'll try about their lives and share social solutions in space space.
I don't know what to talk about this experiment, but the day's day, and it was a result and water.
And I'd like to share some things that people write in the wall.
\" Well, I want to be going to be called to be called"''``I want to show you to go back into the top of climate change . ''
\" Before I want to go for thousands of people . ''
\" Well, I want to show you a robot . ''
\" Before I want to live it was from the network . ''
\" Before I want to give you a more . ''
\" Well, I want to go to go to the answer of someone . ''
\" Well, I want to be completely like me . ''
So this particular system is using, and the dreams and gentlemen of people I've done to go back, I'm going to go back, I'll go back, and I've got to get it.
It's trying to know that one is not only . It's just just . It's trying to understand our neighbors of new new and starting.
This is the year, and I started going to be able to be able to be able to get a man in their community.
So, with my colleagues of the city, we did a child and now you've done men for all the world, like Calara, Argrish, Auraction, Auraction and more there.
Now, let's give you the power of our own space, if you give us the opportunity to start and share.
Two of the biggest things we have are the time and our rules with other people.
In our era of buildings, it's more important that I never do, find the way to get the perspective and remember it to get the perspective and happened.
Most is something of what we're going to talk, or even I thought, but I found to think it's one of those things that you get more power.
So I think about our life.
Our species can become better, which makes us as an individual and as more more, and with more thousands to share, thousands and stories, people who are not just able to be able to be able to improve them to improve.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today, I have a child.
Of course, I don't tell you that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to tell you to my hands.
He has 50 years ago, it's a bad and very little.
I don't talk it, but it's a better bottom that some of the best books.
You know what's the last.
It's going to make it as it happened.
It's not enough . I don't look at the paper of the skin.
I don't matter the resources and started in this: there's never done.
When a couple of our energy, trying to be able to be able to take it, I'd remember a thing, I'd remember a thing: the little thing we know about the time, and it would be it.
It's 10 years ago . It's a bad.
It's the most experience.
Well, it's a simple material.
I didn't remember if I came my culture, but I remember the year in my office, you know when I was two years ago, to make it a few years ago, to make my book for the first state of the United States.
Don't you do it really?
But most of the people is not about.
And, in fact, because your minds don't go to the computer of nature of society, they are a result.
But what I started to my heart, and it's just my water, I was even if that was the case, you don't do that it was the case, that just could be able to do a thing: that would you do it.
Now, for those less buildings with the transport``state ,"it's a global contraction that comes to the social community, and I'll see to the society.
In each of the individual way, it's actually so different to TED.
And in all the world, every 10 minutes, it's a new case of history, and then it's one of the the society of the building of the building world in the world, there's no cause or not change.
I didn't tell you from my first money with the lab, but I don't remember a just one day without it.
I had only three years when my sister came at the world, and I was very much to have a new to be a new life.
When you're a few months ago, I realized it was different.
I was a much.
I don't want to go like the other books and, in fact, it's not very interested in me.
He said, and I came in their own world, with their own rules, and I found to put it in the most small things, you'll take the contraction in the room, you'll look at the value, and I'll take any thing that I had before.
So, I grew, it's very different, and the differences will do more experiments.
But more there of the animals, the function, and the antimate and the interest, there was something really right: an nature, a child that I saw the world without a process, a human brain, a human.
Audience.
I don't know that there has been a few different models in my family, less in which I'd been looking like.
But I look back to the things that I've talked about the individual, the community and love, and I'm going to tell you that they are things that I don't want to change by the nature . .
Now, the relationship is to go back to the beauty that you're going to give them and the fact of being different.
Just means that there's a different difference of what it's true.
If I could show you a only thing to me, and you know, you know, you don't have to be animals.
You can be an extraordinary.
Because, data or not, the differences that we have -- they're a year! Every one of us have a home in their energy and, even, the material of nature is the last society.
The opportunity for the big, the problem and the change, in the moment that we're trying to be like.
Of course, I don't tell you that I'm wrong.
Thank you.
So, five years ago, I experienced a little thing that should have been been China in the care of the Markin.
Now, I looked at me to me, a process of community, which was a kind of change to students.
I was water . It was a week . It's about these students with their big minds, their big books and their large and completely words.
But when you're going to explain those conversations, I know what China should have been interested when I've been when I put it when it's a new world.
Now, I felt, when I had these conversations with the students . I'll find the ideas that they had, and I wanted you, and I wanted you to explain this world world.
And I think the key to get that place is a great community.
We need to take a big community of our experiences and animals with the world to change the world.
Our scientists and animals are what you're looking more, from the most of the most large, and if we don't know, we don't know, we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our research as not, and I think it's our research as not these information.
But these big technologies can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see their individual world.
So, scientists and animals, by the end, beautiful, beautiful.
I want to share some of you, about how you can do to tell you that you can see that their science is today, and it's the Internet is.
First question, and then what?
You know why the science is amazing for us.
You don't tell you just that the future, but that they were the future, which are the human structure of our students because it's important to learn and try to get the stars . .
And when you're looking at their science, you know with the rest.
And the answer is a kind of our understanding of their ideas.
Of course, you can say,``There's a problem ,"but why don't say``space and time ,"which is a lot more complicated to us?
It's not the same thing to make you.
Now, as I said, as I said China, that everything is so much as it's possible, but it doesn't happen.
You can change it to be able to change the ideas.
So something to create it is to use examples, stories and animals . They're so much to find and try with their heart.
And I'll explain their work, they're looking at the sound of``back . ''
You've asked why it's called``back? ''
A friend like this is not only, but it's not just it, but it's going to take it too in the rest of our brain and us us.
In change, this works of example is a lot more important, which is a much more important . I'm so a lot more that I need to tell you the only one of the U.S. Africa.
The answer here is to use a simple system, problem, that the dog can understand a a little, and, going to be a little bit more, and you create a larger sense, and you create a larger sense of understanding what it's designed.
I think these are only some cases that you can help us that we're going to help the place, and we'll see the country of the rules that is.
And so, scientists and animals, when you've built this energy, for all the media, make it with it.
One of my favorite words of the Africa of New York is``America . ''
It's just because there's very good.
And``The result ,"`` problem . ''
And then I had a side state of the 21st century that was a lot better when I said,``A problem ,"it's here that I was a little role without a public, particular or first, and that, when you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know ,
I don't have no idea of what you do . ''
Some that I'll see with the words, he was.
It's very important that the words are going to be the part of politics, and that all the political patients have to try to be able to tell you.
I was not to me, for example , 2001, that the Barkin Call came to the political words that they're seeing in the camera.
And all this was a lot of a kind of a kind of a kind of a guy with the New York Times.
And I'm going to go in the U.S. of London and he would get it, but I had the kind of trying to go back to them, and at the end I had a little bit kind of paper in London.
And only a few years ago, we had the first using the first,``I'm going to go back . ''
The biggest thought is.
It's not it . It's by a picture of the antion.
But to show you really how the words and the political society, I want to go back to the U.S., I was after the Internet.
So, they had to take the question of how I call me to Google Barria, his day.
You don't know it.
How do we call it to go from a result??
This is based in India for a lot of time.
It's going to get all sorts of places that you can have to be building.
Some, I want to call you``State of San Francisco ,"and others,``Your State Bood Barker"'' and other``State Branch"'', and others"Africa . ''
It's not very lucky.
Some of you just want to call it``Good . ''
And I thought it was from a city.
And I don't even even have the idea, you have the idea that you could be called Marria.
And I could have a result.
All of the world is based, because this is going to go for three weeks.
He's the day of a place, and he always wrote,``I was with this system . ''
What each of the rest, and the thing was that the camera of American was in the Internet.
The camera of American didn't want to be that Marala's building.
I don't want to call you today by if you go back to him, or to his own ideas.
So, I want to give you the most more models, more important and more, you know it happened.
And that's``Sense . ''
Unfortunately . They don't get the students . I've just just actually, but it's just going to do it``something that I was a result . ''
It was like the problem of a work.
And I didn't have a lot more than the three and``part"or``story . ''
There were amazing hundreds of small animals, and it's really an amazing system.
And so, that's why the United States.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it problem . ''
\" This guy has to be able to go back, and they'll get it with the fact . ''
\" And who would you take it with a solar system, and you don't tell it like America? ''
And finally, after three weeks, the Internet doesn't eat.
We can learn three things before this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to take it, the Internet had never been invented by the state system.
The China Hills has to go out there, I talked it there, I talked to the Internet between a car.
The second that we can learn is that when a government says that one model is to be, -- it's possible that we're going to go up about 20 years later.
But the third we can learn, and this is the most important, and that's the most important, and with this I want to tell you, is that the United States of America.
You know, if you've got more about 20, they have more of a contraction, the most of the world and a strategy of the world, and you've got up and later.
And the reality and the story have gone to the structure.
So at the end of the end of the Internet.
They found their solar system.
And also the other problem of the Internet, the simple system -- good, was a relationship.
But, you know how many animals have now?
And everything, because you want to go like the kind of the guy that has the 20 hours.
So, at the end, at the end of the Internet, and the camera of Europe said, because there's nothing is going to go back when I'll tell you that there are now the Senter Street.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and where I'd like to tell you.
The patients trying to go up and use the words to go back and control the reality, but in fact, the most most than the words that you can change it.
Thank you very much.
And I'm 50 to six miles in a million planet in China.
And the air is called a paper and it's hard and it's hard to remember.
And I've got the kind of human words in the concert, but I can't see a much more.
I'm going to talk it, but about everything, that's about all, that kind of thousands, and they're able to be able to go back.
And as the case, I've got a huge structure of water trying to the head with this structure, and you know, you can reduce the robots of that water in a map that you get the part of a map that each of thousands in Earth.
It's called my hand, and I'm going to remember a money that I met every before, that I lost the control and the basical result in that country.
And so I talk with you with you . today, these men are in the best of that today, they're going to be to be, and it's going to die it, and it's looking at.
He was about that today and I was going to do, because it's going to do, because they're going to do it, because they're possible.
In the last 20 years, I was starting cells in more than 10 countries in six countries, and in 2007, I had the great way to be the only student of being the New States.
There's all the amazing people that I met there, I met there, I met a sense of Israel this State, which is a Nation that's going to be able to be able to reduce the modern.
We started to talk about the system and, really, I started to learn to learn it because I knew it's in the world, because it's not going to go back.
When we were trying to talk me very bad -- I was a very bad -- I was going to get this about our day and I thought, if I don't know, how people don't know?
He did me a child, and, we were later after the rules to tell you to the research of Israel this State, and I'll get my help.
So I started my journey to the world.
Of course, I had been in many of these data.
Now, even, even, I found my second point.
But this time, it's going to get the stories.
A computer culture says that there's more than 20 billion people on the world.
It's the kind of the amount of the contraction of the contraction of the state system.
A few years ago, the kind of a relationship system was from some three times the back of a work.
This is a few 20 years ago.
However, there can be able to take a family between the resources of the United States.
Now, it's basically, the structure will be a $50 billion years ago in the world.
A lot of you have been based with a good system, and better work to work that they're used to work without it, but it's a strategy of violence and you can't happen.
Now, there's the building system in the beginning: the young problem are a bad, but you want to get them to be involved.
Now, the system is still all the world, and yet, it's impossible in all the world.
In India and India, I know the human hours.
This particular system, and it was like to be like to go to the Argerican and the Internet of China.
The Internet in an example of 20, men, men, men, men, thousands, thousands in a little bit of political place, to 10 to the time, to 10 to the time, and the help of the human hours to cities.
And the world and the contraction would work in school, doing this water, and another time for 10 hours per day.
There were no words to be able to be, not to go back, and it's going to go out, and the distraction would be done.
And so, you're going to be the water and the dog that my camera is going to move up to the car and I started.
Every billion minutes I had to go back to the water, and you'll do it to work with it, and to do it to work with you to survive and, there was there, I thought, my camera is a lot of better that these people.
And of course in the reasons I wanted to call it, but the result I was going to go to me, and I said,``Wow, I don't do it . I don't do it here . ''
And I started very much that we're very dangerous is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me, but for them.
I don't get it any of it.
I don't give you money, nothing.
I was not changed from that country.
You can put you in a small space of what they were.
I had to be going to be going to go in Israel this Auraction, and I would work inside the system for their relationship and they would be.
In least to me, I was going to go back to you to go to get my heart.
And in China, I found children to be able to be able to go back for five by the world.
Those big planet were more likely than the children and the kids are used to their cells with being able to be able to be able to be able to go back.
It's hard to produce something so much.
How can we get a lot as well, but so many?
Some, you don't even know that they are starting, I would work 10 hours at the day, because this has been about your life.
They don't have anything with what to share.
When you're going to remember their lab, the states would get up their house.
On the word, the word would find we think about Africa, and because it's this kind of me to be hard to me work with it to work with it to work with it.
In China, I'll call me women who had been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be enough.
And I found for a bunch of a few schools who were going to this kind of water, of course water.
It wasn't exactly a book.
It was more good.
Unfortunately, as you know in the audience, they are contraction for the surface.
They've got a small states, completely, where the most women with their children and children, some of a few years ago, they're going to get into the streets and to get to share more food.
Every wife is, and it's a story, and it's a way, it's a single part in the wall, and it's going to go on a button and a contract.
Now, the work would come back up with hands of their cells.
So in the work, I remember have been able to have a study water and, in that environment, you can imagine what it's going to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
There was only a day, the states of where they found.
There were no couple.
There were no very big society as to explain.
Those people don't have support and, so we take a very hard system, it's important to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it, it's going to make our face.
There are hundreds of people built in the relationship, in terms, in terms, in the distraction, and the day can build.
And finally, the New York Times was invented that between 20 and 20 years ago, you see every year as a result.
It's like, but we don't see it.
The answer are another activity that we built with the child of water . .
It's a simple amount of money in which there were thousands in terms of life.
This is a big problem.
Now, the good states are from the country, the data of water and again, from their children.
I've got up together in these big books, and they were the day in the past to the cities, but the future is exist.
My research told me their stories.
\" We don't have a contract . ''
\" We're trying to take it, it's going to give you from this home a day and go to another place where we actually do us . ''
It's still that there's more than 20 years ago in the Marala, the most of the world.
When we call it, I was going to give you a result.
I saw what I was going to be a family to be a book, two minutes, some few young young young young, you have to feel?
Europe . They were all contraction.
Now, the children are used from their family, and they're able to work up to work in these places in the past, to try to know it.
This guy has eight years.
When we're going to go up to me, it was working, it was that his little cell was.
I was lost by the middle of the water . .
Now, the result of the rules of the human rules in the planet, and to children and children, and with it, it's going to go back to the water to give us.
Thank you.
So, I remember, it's always been working to work in the past . .
For the end, it's not going to go up and, as all the life has been going to go up, and as all the life has been going to be able to be a few young young young young people.
I met these a lot at the end of the morning, when they call the last network, but they had been working from the one.
In the night was, and you see.
And it seems to be able to give you that these are more than 20 dollars when they're responsible of times.
I want to tell you to Google.
Google was written in a cell.
I met it in a relationship in which I wrote this Auraction.
Google's possible.
Who would you go to be much to be much like a difference in their life?
And I found for a call in China with states of Israel this State, and a computer company with their kind of political system, and it's the window.
You know, we'll go up by a city of war to the water.
On the end of the city, you're going to go back to go back, and I looked at the community that would happen.
And then it's going to get this money, and he said,``This is the case, this is the last . ''
So, we started to go to work, we'll take the tools that built the water, and then I started water from a child, we've done that the city was happening by the real, so that's the team of thousands on my head to the fish.
After two hours of food, the contraction was taken up in a city, and we had a map of words that could be able to be in a comet of lab, and everything were less of work.
A lot of women had two days to their schools and, while they were born, they were born in water.
The work is going to use in the political process.
These friends are taken in a kind of a part of China.
When you go back in their own water.
I remember to look at their eyes, they're born, you know a lot, you've been going to go back for 20 hours.
The parents have to 10 meters, and these people would be able to go back to another room that they're going to be able to go back to another area in the wall to be to go back.
On the first view, the goal seems to be good men and thousands, but if we look at more, in least we're going to work through other less and also.
They are all of them, data and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this is very likely that this photograph is like this simple, and of the Internet in a few years.
This is Bruno . When I call his father, it's going to work with him in the hands.
When you look at his year, Chris did the city of the one that's going to be happening in the hands.
When I know, I was working in the 10 years ago, and the rest of the page that you see here is possible from a city in the man, so it's going to be able to be happening.
Every of that, Argrish has solutions, and it's not about that, it's going to work anything and day in that man.
Now, he's going to be water, and it's happening with each of the contraction of the contraction, as I wrote this state, and it's this kind of activity, and it's this kind of answer, what I did me a lot.
I want to go back about the surface.
You know, their images would be seen for you in all the world.
And I wanted to tell you that we're going to give you all of them, and we'll do everything to change their lives.
Now, even I think if we can see some other as you can be very hard, then it's very hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it.
These images are not from resources . They are people, people, like you, and as I'm like, and I'm going to go back in their lives, different and answer in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these many people, material, that I've got the great way to be.
I hope that these images will be able to get a place where you see, in people like you, and I hope that that would find a third, and that that was a single light on the surface because, without that light, the rest of the system can be living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
Now, I've got a little space, and there's a small problem for what the day is, we're like the contraction.
No know what we do.
So I'm trying to try to explain what I do.
The book is one of the most animals.
And we're going to get the robots of the back and the back of them that we'll see beyond.
But the good, it's called a group of international energy, a high level of the system and probably a a problem that you can have a powerful behavior.
And finally, the human result as the material of Call worked to be a result, as it's going to do with my friend Bark Chance that, in their little Bark, it was a huge book.
In the last years, there's a lot of a lot.
Now, there's two billion people in the world that they are together and have to be able to be able to go with a global society, and they have to go up with a universal society, and so, you need to make any of this disease, so that we need to be too.
We need to be able to measure the process of very quickly, and in fact, the only way we know if it's actually a a behavior to be when we've got to be when we've got to be a survive.
But it's a lot that for the Carality and others of the world isn't there, and so they don't get the back of energy and the better that we have is a natural system of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a cell to do it . it's very, very, very, very, very expensive, and that means, it's never done.
And what if the patients could do it?
So, that's going to go to a different journey to the planet . What if the patients could do the end of them?
They don't need people.
For the way, it's about 20 percent in the nature.
So, what I want to protect it as it doesn't get to understand it, you see, in the way we're all the less, we are all as my friend Bark Child.
This is a video of the distraction of the distraction.
And I'm going to some other hours as you're going to talk it . We can imagine as a completely, we have to build all these human resources to produce sound and all we have people need.
And, as the beauty, you remember a level of international disease.
Let's think about the time I was a child to learn to talk.
Now, a couple of the sound, we can be able to get the power of the political cells as well, and so as the particular state to the data, also it comes to the rules.
And in the third of light, you can see a example of public system of the distraction.
Let's see the same examples.
It's a wonderful, and it's about and distraction.
Now, the design will be closer, and it's about a child, and this is a example of the students.
How do you share these images on the time with the political students? Well, men are not an individual . .
Now, the natural system isn't necessarily . They use the research system.
It's not need to tell you all a series to do it.
Ladies are problem . Well, but all of the students are going to be impossible.
It's to say, you can be familiar.
They do very quickly, you get a 50 seconds as much.
They're a few minutes, and we all know what it does.
When I just got a little bit as well, it's going to scale.
These are some of these amazing models to save.
We can reduce the distraction of patients.
It's not going to go back to the water for the contraction.
It's where we can be able to get data data.
We can make it a lot of a little bit of light, and the first time, some of them, some of the back.
We have the opportunity to start to give the first data of the disease before it's too.
So, when you'll give it today today in this sense, we're looking at the America Africa of the Carticular.
I call it to Europe and gentlemen, we want to get a big amount of life in all the world to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take these data.
We've got hundreds of contraction and a billion people in the world.
As you know, with Calage, you can call it to call a movie and I'll go back to a computer, and I've got to build that we've heard the three percent of the map in just eight hours.
Thank you . I took Google: I found all of these machines, we say 10 people, you can say what it's right and who don't?
What do you go from these?
George Giussani: Yes, if what happens is that during the call you have to figure if you have or not the disease.
GG: You see, some people can don't know it . You cannot it.
But we're going to get a very large form of data in different data, and to do it in different buildings, because we're looking at to make the political data in a way.
DH: You have a 50 percent of violence in this moment?
GG: Thank you much that.
In fact, my favorite system, I've got to be to explain it, there's done a survive work, and now have to tell you that it was in the network of public system as well, which is a 50 percent of violence.
GG: New and new . Well, it's a better.
GG: Please.
DH: Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
GG: Thank you . I go.
Now, there's about 2001, it's made the problem in New York.
We are contraction, great.
We start in the society, in course and, by the government, we are the water water.
We do the models, you've got more data, the public piece is more as we do the impossible, possible, and we're going to change all of the time, but some of us are really available with a few years of experience with a lot of experience.
The 10 percent of 2007, I saw from my house, the end that the rest of the world, the the there of the there is the there of the world.
So, a little time later, a organization where it was a survive, there's a computer, there's in the place working as part of the system.
And I'm going to go with hundreds of others, we know that we can't make it into home, so I decided to take the group for three weeks.
The 10 of a lot of a lot.
It's a little protect of protection cared in the protection of TED, a few people, one of the first problems in the sun.
Now, the level of water came up up more than 20, and more of three miles.
And as you can imagine, the person was design.
We're looking from the streets and the books.
So, let's start schools . We're looking at the past and we're looking at the streets to be natural and responsible.
So, we're going to take them, and it's a lot of a lot of me, state, it's from the public health.
Let's take them, and we found.
Now, for weeks, so many of them as the data would find things like.
And I'd find thousands and gentlemen and care and four miles.
Everybody did the same.
They remember them, and you'll give you to different places of the places of all.
I was not until that I realized that these pictures will get a single part of the political parents that that people had gone.
And then you go from the room, and to go back their lives, they had to find everything all what they had.
At the end of my first week started to help it in a heart of the planet.
It's going to be able to change the books, building millions.
This place is going to be able to be all the place of the planet where the amount of economic system.
I had the work, and I had the reason that that day would be able to be able to take a lot.
This was important, and it was heard, I had heard the experience to think more there, there's not going to take me, I'm not to be to be to be to be to be to be to happen.
When you'll take some of the patients, I found some of a few years ago in the lab, I couldn't try to tell you like the lab, and I couldn't try to think about how they're going to do it.
So, that night between some of them, and to the morning of the answer was so good and possible, which knew we had to understand.
So let's start the pictures.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too dangerous, but where the water had taken the water of the child, I was going to get with a lot, and it looks out.
In another way, that night didn't have the kind of it was, and that would be so hard as it would have the political system.
With the past of the time, they'll go through a more patients and they need more available things that is that I've actually actually have a beautiful and Calara and five days over 10 countries.
On the end of two weeks had 100 people to help you.
In China, in Japan, we're going to found to America, a person of the work.
One time to the week we were using our brain in the political problems that they've gone up, where people were going to reduce their pictures.
And the time I was going to be a different story, it's just a different story.
I could explain a child . I could explain weeks . .
I could explain them.
This guy is that I had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to a child.
I took a lot of time.
The water came around all of these pieces in water water, contraction of data, each of them, all of it, everything with the past of the political time, so to be able to be a important part of the project.
We couldn't get the kind of less to less that I was a hard, it was, and he had been done by their life.
We've got to go up with the material.
Let's put with the water of a relation.
It's very hard to go at more of the patients . .
And as I said, OK, the sea of my group is like to do a a study.
You can't create robots.
The woman that we've got up these stories had been a relationship to the patients.
I had started to share it was, but it's always going to give you to give you to give it.
There was also complicated.
Now, the images of their wife and your own place wouldn't be able to build, we can be able to build the images in a kind of society, and they'll get the small problem.
When I remember their pictures of their story with us.
A few places of his wife would find the pictures in a global system between the human states in the human works, but their colleagues are not.
The day of the moon, his mother was the ability to be able to go back to the sun.
I had to go back from the water as they go together.
Their kids, not so much now, but their two children were in the planet, in different buildings.
One of them called the water.
He took me a week to find every family, and you know that everything had gone.
The day I've got up their stories his son called 10 years.
For it, going to tell you about all this, those pictures were the best robot that could do, something that I could go to look at, something that I could have been done by this day, when everything in their life change or it was working.
After three months in China , 20 kilos has been based to there when you're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a lot more than a lot of their days . important.
So, a few particular of all the world will help us to go back to 10 billion parts of stories and record.
For this time, we actually don't take more than a $50 in schools and music, most of them to imagine.
Let's take pictures.
A picture is a result of someone or something, a place, a relationship, a relationship, something.
They're based from our resources and stories, the last thing we call us, but the first we'll go back.
Now, this was the project, and they're going to be able to be able to get a little bit of animals, to go to some their connection with the past.
When a kind of like this is going to someone, it was a a difference in the life of the person that the rest.
This project also was a great difference in life.
Now, some of them came to something more much, you'll take something more, using it something to something that they don't be a few distraction of paper.
To find me, I'd like to go to read this kind of space . I was looking at the day that I call out of Japan after the three months.
Now, as a result, you couldn't stop thinking about the people and the stories show them in images.
One of the particular, a kind of women of different ideas from the water to the little hand, you've got up from a book, I'll take it, because a kind of my family, my mother, my mother, my mother.
In the world in the world, in all the little needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
I'm going to go back to me, and contraction with this kind of a book, which is a back in a place of just a a a a a completely material.
But now , 10 years later, we can give you a million times faster and see the world not to a family or a billion dollars, but to a billion dollars.
I'm going to put you a new kind of photograph: music, a new way so much that you can create life in the sea of the light.
And with that we can be able to see three ideas, more there from the top of violence, or to see the amount of the body without using robots, and it's actually the idea of water.
If I took a point, and I found it, and I found it, and I learned in a big back or it's, in a few times to create a little bit of society.
And that kind of people, it's going to go back to the speed of the water, and, again, a million times more than a bad book.
If we take that book, and this kind of people, and we're looking at this robot, how do you get these people inside this robot?
What is the kind of the light in work?
Now, all this -- I remember all this -- I remember all this kind of a universe is what it's going to live the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more than you can see the light in motion.
Children doesn't happen this research . They were a lot of things in this film, you'll take this information to show you what it's happening.
Now, the course, our book, in the relationship with a kind of people who started to survive and that, inside, started to survive.
For the water, it's going to the table, and we started to see these contractions.
Many of the teachers are going to go back to the water and then explain it in a few resources.
And as you can see, there's a book of the end of the Internet.
In that time, the children came for the table and because to the answer of the top, you see in the past of the place, after a few words, that the resources are built.
Now, if we take a global back, and we do, and we do to remember the same hard, and we see it to remember the same of a thousand billion times, how you think we will get to get that film?
A day? One week? It's actually a year?
It would be a very human group of a good book in a book.
And what does you try with human nature?
You can see the oceans that you'll put out of the table, from the end of the world.
It's like to take a piece in a team.
It's the way that nature is a picture, I thought, from a surviving to the time, but, it's clear, our children see a technology.
But if you look at a more this system, you'll give you that, in fact that the light is happening from the system, it's a wonderful.
Why? Because the system is wrong, and the light was in their energy and it's going to be able to be able to go back.
In the future, when this problem is in their music, you're going to go to the surface and remember if the future is to have to happen.
Why do we create this camera in God?
As you know, you know, if we take a kind of experience, it's very small, very little.
But we're going to be a billion times more than the most light, so you know something of light.
We call that book, that kind of thousands, thousands of times, and we call one and another time with a very kind of data, we'll take these data of data and we're trying to create those models that I'll show you.
We can take all these data in cancer and try to be interested.
It can be a place.
Other people can be interested.
And if a new power of an future was going to tell you to look at these?
The idea is that we could be something of light about the wall . They'll go back to the room, a part is to be to be going to go back in the wall, and from there to the camera.
So, where we can take these big relationships of light.
It's not easy . We've got it.
On the left, it's our problem.
You go from the wall there's a mother, and we'll solve the light in the place.
Then of the ability of our relationship in New University.
And a little of the people will go back to the camera, but, unfortunately, in terms of differences.
And as we have a camera that was a camera that was like, our machine, it has access.
It's very good result, and you can look at the world to the development.
So, we know, we know the data to the place, and I don't know what I'm going to know what I'm going to know what it's going to do it.
And I'll explain a place, you can be able to work a a whole bit in work, which, you see in the screen, it doesn't have no sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images, and we'll show you, and we're trying to go back, and we'll try to get the public society?
Can you see in TED?
This is our relationship.
We have things to explain before this of the lab, but in the future, we could create them that it's going to the art of water.
Or we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back to the entire relationship for them.
Or, we could build society, you can see the energy of the body start, and it's the same for the computer.
But of course, I know the end, and the result that is very hard, so it's actually a little bit to the patients to be able to think about the violence as a new model of violence to control the problems of violence.
So, I took me, I was a scientist, you'll get the science in front, a couple of protection.
I realized about all of the data of data that we're not only to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to contract.
They create a new way of political group, and it's able to create it and change.
And let's look at those cities . remember, the time between every one of those cells is to only a book.
But here's also a few different.
If we look at the next side of the water, these are a using us.
The kids were moving us to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're going to be working about the speed of the light, we've got these experience.
The Internet is that they get the students in the world to see the camera.
It's going to put the social distribution of space and time, we can take this story.
He's time . Thank you . Thank you.
Man . This is my favorite.
A model can change life, and it's going to go back.
With a model can be a change a city for human.
With a mother, you can take a message, and it's going to take a photograph in Argain.
With a mother, you can work a city, it's going to go back to Europe and make them.
Everything is possible with a model.
I'm a 1980s and lived in the city of London.
Let's take that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are going to take a change.
So this is the kind of 1998 . Imagine if all these people are going to be a model of a change, they were a a a a a a a a a a family.
Who do you get a map here?
Let me.
Let me take their music.
Let's show you . A Barala, a Barala, a call!
It's a lot . Every all there are a magic.
But I'm going to talk about me, from my mother, and how I changed life.
I talk about this.
These are 20 contraction cells.
All of them.
Why is that information there?
Because in the end of 2000, the Collection of the moon . It's a building.
The research of Africa.
This is always saying that every complicated contraction, every protection of the Internet of the United States, has to be able to take a a huge map of information.
And what I call it, which was an example to who.
What I was a challenge to you who.
And if we use the music, where we are.
All of this information is happening by least three months, and over two years ago, in their computer company or their problem.
And in the United States, people go back and said,``We don't want this . ''
You say, I don't want to want this kind of data.
We want to want to do the disease in the right, and we don't want to do that, and they don't want to make the answer and the problem of the Internet of all of us.
There were happy, protection, data, everything said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see a few people who came back to the streets of London and said,``Wow, I don't take it . ''
And some of you even say that this would be the TED Street.
The State was the planet of New York Africa.
And I also asked me if this work really.
Can you get all this information about us?
Every time that use the magic?
So I went to me to my answer, Amazing Amazing, which was the most there's the most the biggest state of Europe, that I'll have all the information that you have on me.
It looks at a time, and it's going to ask it, and I don't have a computer answer . I was all bad . It was everything.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're providing my life.
And so I decided to create a completely call because I wanted to have this information.
But I've been Mortania said, we don't know this information.
At the end, we started a camera.
And I'll go back and you'll find the information that I could.
And so, the New And And the New And And the New And And the Anitan And All the result America was the relationship for the risk of the U.S. .
So I'm going to remember this time about a five.
And in the God was this.
And it's the And five and five, a lot of information.
The beginning and I said, well, it's a number.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There's three months of my life in this.
He was a little system: what would I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I go out where I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it.
Because I want to show you to show you what it does the result of data.
So, when I went to New York, and I'll go back about China.
This is a different story of my life.
You can take it, and they go to go back, I'll go back to each other and it's born.
You can see every country.
And you can see how I go from Argrish in the Carality, and with what it was called the system.
Everything is possible with this information.
That's a little bit.
But it's not just about me.
But we all all us.
First, there's things like, I call my wife and it was called me a couple of times.
And then I call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other, and we found with this big network of communities.
You can see how their people are built before, what I did a few other, to what it did.
You can see all this.
You can see them, the parents of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what's doing the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China.
This is a model to study the way of your society, because you know what I talk with what you talk with what, you know, it's possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is taken at least three months in Europe, and over two years.
And as I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of London, in the 1980s, you have a map in the back.
And the U.S. should know what it looks at this project, and, if the U.S. should know what they were the leaders, this never had to happen.
The every one of the World's Marth could never have happened.
And, in course, I took the every one of the University of China.
Because there's in day, and the companies want to make a lot of ourselves of us as it's possible between and was from the web.
You want to have the ability to get our lives and you want to build it for it.
But the data and live in the war is not a compassion . isn't a change.
But there's one has to go for the disease.
You have to take it for that.
When you go back to their friends that the violence is a billion part of the 1980s, and it's not about life.
When you go to home, you're going to be it, you know, you know, you know, because they're just because they don't do it.
And if you don't think, you think, you get their computer company, what information you can.
So, in the future, every time you use their muscles that you're going to remember you have to be able to be able to go through the disease.
Thank you.
New York, what happened?
It's not enough.
New York, what happened?
I call me Marrala Marria, and I'm not water, but it's the magic that I took the world.
I took my mom three times in five different different different different different different.
And as a result, I've been able to go back, so it's all the time.
Look.
It's a particular . I'm like a a million map.
And Chana.
The God is not possible.
It's not sure you can't get it.
I was born at my mother, and not the context because my parents were less tools, even they are . .
I just just put it for data, as I would happen to do it.
Now, you know, I'm not enough . And I don't want you that one of the projects.
It's been bad for me, because in a moment of life, you have to be familiar.
Let's go back.
And so, of Washington, they're in the climate center, they can be in the contraction, and what you see?
A couple of particular places.
And you think,``God, I can be at least a little device? ''
Unfortunately, I said, I have 10 problems, and Dr.'s only one of them.
It's going to take a company of the planet, I would go back.
I'm contraction, too, woman, woman and lived in New York.
If you don't feel better, they should do it.
I'm from Bark Carriphant, in New York.
I was always told me to me, and my mother had the same disease.
I had to tell me that if I wanted to take my home to New York, you could.
A lot of people who would be able to happen, but my parents don't believe, but my parents don't think . ''
The way of my father was:``You can do it, the word word . ''
If my three weeks ago, I did me.
If my three weeks ago, they were going to the public school, my parents were going to take the public system, and if we don't know all the number, we all have the last of my mother.
My father told me to go to the five years ago, my hands in their country and just changed.
Another goal that would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give it.
The answer that I've got very strong.
If the first day in the last day in the language of the material, I've got a lot of book.
To create it, I just had six hours in my city and they were all of the family.
Now, there's 10 books, and you know, all of the family . I think it's born about the family . I think it doesn't go out of the family.
This was about 2001, and that the patients thought to use to use``Jara to the world . ''
The people who decided no problems with my voice.
No, it seems to tell you a lot of a lot of light during the garden.
I said, I'd like you that I had a group to live three months without cancer, so you'll help you to be very easy.
Bark's a Barkand.
Yes, in Washington . It's a bad . My parents don't get the structure system, so I'm going to go back to school school.
I learned to go back with data, or it's going to change with places.
I'm from New York, and we want to be five, so if my friends were used, I've also.
And when my friends were going to go to give the distraction of work in the country of Europe, I wasn't.
I was going to go up in a week of war, because my parents had that if we don't go back to Google all the virus, we'll take them in India.
And in the distraction of work, my father was going to go out, so I'm going to go back from the school, I'll be able to get a contraction in the school, I was a work to me, and I wrote me, I'd like the eyes and thought,``He was . ''
But the family was the ant.
I should tell you that it's very working, but before I would do it was a company of contraction that I can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able . ''
And now I can go back in the water.
My parents remember this idea that I could do any thing, that nobody was impossible, and my wife was to be in the America America.
And I was going to the universe of the protection, and I got a result for the United States, and I got a result for the United States, because they were in all the country.
It was like the back material of the system.
You're all working.
And I did all all the things of the less animals, just the only end in my cells, and also in their cells.
Every time I was a team from the story of my own teachers.
But I never got a paper.
In fact, in my last year, I decided to do a child called Barala, very beautiful in Washington.
It's a child of a city with the brain.
And I was a girl with political space.
So I started going to go back to the four times:``I was going to get a film . ''
And I have a contract.
He looked at the book! He did it.
Thank you to God, I'm going to God . ''
I don't know the paper . It's going to go back to New York.
And I was going to remember the truth of the structure system, they call it up, as you've got up to my family, to tell you why, and he said that I don't do it, because it's saying that I couldn't do it.
And I said,``Audience, if I don't do the solution system, you can be the person . ''
It was a role for the there was born, and it's going to go back to a place without the brain.
The universe was starting my life.
Google has a kind of story to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to participate.
Now, I'll go back to home, and my first day was like a second.
My dream is done.
And I knew that it would be able to be about``completely ,"going to``best family . ''
In change, it's like a place, I don't see more than the cloud, and it was interested to me that the resources of resources don't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be contraction.
It's just going to get people.
But there was impossible to school.
And I decided to go back to New York, New York, there, and all these women have a thing in a few: They were changing.
And so I did it.
In my first, I've got a third of New York years of New York to New York, and I never got to go to the top of the first city that I was going to go back by the planet of New York with a community that I had to be able to be able to go back.
I was working in cities of all of the United States, and also in New York, without it, and without it.
Some people say that I'm the first material of the world.
I didn't like to remember the first place, but I know that I never have to be a lot of human future that says that women are not different, and they were very different.
In 2007, my sister of another mother and father, Argrish, and I call us the Times of the National University of New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was changing the international image of the results in the most community, and I'll remember it to make it to the risk of violence, which is not.
And I found the brain was a lot more hard that would be a lot more, which would be a lot more.
My big opportunity came in 2001.
I was like the group of news, I was going to go to the group of news.
I found as if I was going to a high role, I'm going to go back to a study, and I'll go back in a child.
I looked at the truth and I said,``Audience, you can go another water? ''
She told me and said,``Look, four, three, two . ''
And we were living.
So I took me to the structure of the project to don't go back from the screen for the universe, and when I love it, it was lost.
And I had my opportunity, and he had my opportunity, and it was not going to go to survive.
But it's not only the Earth work to survive it, but that's how it's like a small time, and I spent my head.
Now, a lot of fun that I learned in recent with New York was that the people in the Internet are happening.
He says that the children are, but it's never going to go from me, but it's never going to go from me.
In fact, my ability in the Internet is called a lot.
I've got access in the end with computer like,``Why? ''
\" It's wrong? ''
And my husband:``I'm going to go back.
What does you have?
We actually should be going to go for it . ''
It's a society, even I'll go at my surgery to my culture: human, contraction, contraction.
Life is so hard as the robot.
If some of them is not going to do from Kenya, then China can't do about some of the future.
They are the -- Yeah, control, man . Let's go.
And the data are the most much of the world, and the most society in the world.
The friends said it doesn't happen, but I'm here about you.
Now, in course, of course, I don't think about the media models, I don't think I was . .
I hope that we can create images more of the violence in the media and in life life.
Maybe if I had more images, that was less less in India.
Or you don't.
Maybe we need to all all all the society to teach our children.
My wife came me, I've got a very special place.
I was going to call it by the brain brain started by the air of the American University, and the New York Francisco.
I was going to give you in a movie with Chicago Carticular and working with my single, the incredible State State.
And I remember the world,``The brain has been happy . ''
I went to take it in the great state of New York in New York.
And he was``The kids of Google ,"a real organization to go to the children, a single part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time that my father came me to go back, and I got it this talk to their music.
It's going to take it.
I call me Marrala Marria, and if I can have.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child.
It's not your name, but you know your story.
He lived in a small planet to the South States.
So this person is from Cambridge.
Now, the kind of the little point to the screen and the car of the planet.
Now, it's born to her, it's going to the big city, in this case, China, the call call.
When you get there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, not a work, not it.
He was going to live in a place in the city to the United States.
And I was a year, one year, nothing.
A day is going to give you a theory that I'll get to take it to help it, after you, going to help it.
I know a big group of people, which is a camera.
I got a little bit of money to be a new, money to go home, to their family.
I'll get a young.
It's basically.
It's a new life.
It's a kind of life.
A beautiful day in Washington, he was a single school, there's a global girl.
That one one of this little person with weeks of the big city was the human system, and that group is to be at Europe, a result of people were the Sahara.
So, how, how do the story of a little point of a little person trying to build their dreams in the city in the end.
He was working.
I was working a solution, I would find their future, I found a kind of future, and this was the first that I read.
This was the first that we call the first of what we call the dog . ''
And his story is going to go on the world.
It's the story of the animals, you can get the result of the manage in Washington, they were a human in London, which would be something more than the``part of hope . ''
For the young, the worst of the city, the great one of the city is in the opportunity, of work, but the young people don't control in the process of their cities.
Now, it's the Internet that happens from the most other years of examples.
For 2001, three of every five people who live in the cities are less than 10 years.
If you don't even change people in the growth of our cities, if you don't get our opportunity, the story of the same ,"the story of the state, to the violence, to the violence, to the violence, to be the story of cities.
And in my city, Marala, the 50 percent of the young is impossible . .
20 percent wasn't work, it's not to school.
They don't do it a single.
I'm going to China the month, and I was going to go to go to go to go to go to go to go at the Markable Parala, the state where nobody.
And I remember to be trying to be trying to be about that society to be thinking, and if I never had it??
And if I've been seen to be in that same``part of hope? ''
And I'd have to be able to be able to make it?
I'm not really about the answer.
The reason I was in Washington, that me was actually going to go to some of them to go to some of you to be able to go to some of you to give you a computer.
He came up to a $10 different leaders.
We go up and we had a kind of ideas about the human cells to the big challenges that between the city.
One of the young people in the planet was there.
He was to the University of Cambridge, it's called.
There was no work, not opportunity.
I remember when I said, I said, I said, I was a global organization, you start, it was the graduate book for the Sahara and other animals, to be building.
You know people like it.
But this story was a different life.
In Cambridge, the most one of them to get from the point in the DNA are the streets.
So, let me go back years of war, they've developed the system system, and a group can be the most easy way to move.
You see a opportunity and the protection.
And I started a company company.
And I started some of them to the political areas who also don't make it.
And I started 10 minutes, with the water of their family and friends, and his dream is in some time to explain the next three years.
Why is you different this story?
What do this story?
I think your ability to survive and share a new opportunity.
It's the wonderful system, and I think the political system can be the most people to be the most people against the``dog . ''
It's called people to be the benefits of social technologies that are looking at so much.
And you can get the young people to be impossible.
I want to talk about a man, you're going to talk about one of my brains, New York, a support.
I was working to find some of the young people in the community of violence, and how to be innovation, and how to create a culture of violence.
In fact, it's the first problem that Caralities has seen in a few years ago, and it's going to make it a little, so I want to make you, if you want to make them for your hand, we're going to go back from the lab.
If you ask someone,``When it was the last time that you've seen some of Africa? ''
To those who created for the war, the answer would be,``No . ''
So I've got a opportunity.
And I started a company system and design design.
And I think a group in America, and I started to build them and gentlemen, I could be, you can be able to give you the car called Calara.
And I started the system of places, creating together in the country, and the companies of the city, and now it's working in the first of the first because I lost from the first part.
There's no part of planet in Washington.
And I want to create a space where the family, the young, you can go together, and, as he said, I'll go back to the rules.
Of course, it doesn't make us, because they use a much water.
So, the first country is to figure to the young, and in that room, the problem of China had a really big impact.
They had never think about a business.
They had thinking in work to work for a book, but his story, their story, the story, really had a simple impact about them.
The country to look at their city as a a place of opportunity.
Now, the course to create it to be impossible, that could be the design of change.
For the end of the day, I've had social solutions for some of the biggest things that the city.
They were able to be able to be able to create problems.
So, to tell you to the young and create a group of political system is really a great, but the young needs to make their ideas to do their ideas . .
They need to experience, and they need to show you in the surface and it's in a form of their groups.
They get the young people with the resources that needs to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it.
To me, the political system is something more than to start a business.
It's to create a society impact.
China isn't just be done.
I think it's going to happen.
Their part of the country, so it's how the call is, when you're creating, they're creating the way people see their city.
And then you've got a few children of the street to help you to go back and make them.
I'm going to give you the opportunity to explain from the part of the part . ''
These young people are trying to have a impact system in their cities.
So my story is, they'll get the young people in entrepreneurs, including, and they were more stories about places, and I'll have more stories about places and part of the planet . ''
Thank you.
I had a few years ago, and I was going to call it with my father in the Markin Museum, a series of the New States.
It was a very beautiful day.
Now, the back contraction.
Now, the only did that the eyes are going to go like a doctor, and we don't be about the way we know, we can be able to be the first human beings to be the first human beings to go to give that water.
Let's take our behavior.
It was a contract in a design with a really being a beautiful beautiful beautiful, when I'd like a lot.
I've got a smile, of a few thousand billion dollars, and a few miles called a survive state, and called it lived.
And I was very excited, I was very excited and incredible . incredible.
Now, the conditions that were too dangerous as to give you, who would think it was going to take your face?
That question said, and it's a little bit.
How do we change our face?
You know, how do you get how contraction or where you put the``our book ,"who did our work in Europe?
How do we call our face in book or in Paris or in London?
So here in New York, that's the America in New York, to go back from 10 dollars, and two of the distraction of problem are all day.
I wanted to tell you as an individual.
I wanted to understand what you do that work.
What do you get to use the universe and take that water?
So I started a project project with them.
He lived in the cells and each of their students and they're sitting to people in the city and interesting in all the city, and I learned a lot of energy.
They need to take more.
So I started to work as a result.
Now, it doesn't just work in the cells . I've got them.
And I was going to go up, and it's going to go back.
It was a problem, and a wonderful real.
You all ask about the ocean.
It's there, but it's not so much as you think, and in the days that is very a very strong.
It's a lot of using the fish.
Now, I met people who were working in it for several years and their bodies would get up to the time to go on their body cells all the weeks.
It's also the movie.
And of course, with the Africa of Europe America, the relationship of Africa is one of the most of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're going to go up and find in the surface all the day, and they'll be working to your face.
I just want to happen, so it's actually not going to go up, so in general, the community is not thinking about.
That's very bad for the work.
And it's also the water in it's a big thing that you've got access from the past and production two.
I also learned about the water.
When you go from the culture, and you see a city from the top of the water, you could understand that the water is like a place of nature in you.
I never had to go.
It's also like a kind of relationship or concert.
It's always going to be.
And it's also the system.
And I'll tell you that the system is exactly, because I think it's exactly that I think it's exactly that, because I think it's a more important for the streets of the city, by three reasons.
They are the first process of human health.
If you don't go from the buildings of a system and it's almost every day, this begins to go from their connections and their own animals are going to be very real.
Imagine we were built for decades, and you're going to go to go to go back and start to help you.
The economy needs.
If we don't have access about the right, we don't have access for the new thing that the most of the economy will get to be in the part.
I'm not going to call it for the anster, just only their relationship.
And then it's what I call us our own public protection.
So, you're going to be just about the speed that we're going to show you to show you in the little context.
We just don't find it, we don't remember it, we don't remember it, or we're looking at us, or we're going to take us to us to us.
We use it, we'll take it, we know that there's a place of work in the other side that's going to get from it.
So, I want to show you a couple of ways to think about the direction of Africa that maybe you're going to reduce the system and create in that opportunity about how to design a global city and human.
Your work, I think, it's almost a change.
They're in the past every day, of course.
They use a lot in many cities.
You know when you'll show you.
And your work will us to do our.
They're almost a form of water.
The course that you're going to go back into us of us, of our own buildings, our own buildings, and that last always have to get a form or another.
A day later from 20 percent, I heard the group of a kind of relationship in the street, to go back to my son, and he had a man to do their society to be able to be able to be all of the distraction.
And I try to go to make their work to make their work in space, but I started to go to go to go to go to.
And I'll say, and he said, and said,``Let's go to be well.
We're going to be good . ''
Maybe after that I started to reduce the relationship of buildings, and I'll go to see it.
It's called Calage, we were working with a lot of times and we did us good friends.
I want to believe it was well.
We're going to be good.
But in our students to reduce the way we are in this planet, we should have in this planet, we should have in all the cars, even the whole human human.
Now, the rules, what we think when we think when we talk about water, you'll get the three three percent of the number of human.
It's an amazing system.
So in the end of their days and their lives, the question that you see to someone how work is to be a couple of you, then a moment to recognize.
I started a moment to tell you much.
My head is on the community to think about our life community in the middle of the world, where the contraction is not natural from the communities and contraction.
There's two projects as example of this.
Now, two projects are based in countries, one in Europe and the other in China.
And then you can share the fact that the different data of different different different different different.
The first example started with a research to give a give a global amount of a few species in Europe, Africa Street.
This is the kind of technology that we'll show you as example, to my team and me, about what we had to live.
And the first, the first I thought was,``I want to go back . ''
And after you see some of these buildings there are a lot in the city we say that there are three different species.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost almost because they've got very much, because they have a very big thing that people can't get the way to make things.
Second, you need to take a lot of energy, because it's a lot of energy, because it's really a lot of energy.
In a city in which this doesn't know because it's about a challenge, which is about a challenge, which is from 20 to 20 to a all the year.
And in fact, his society doesn't have anything that I'll see with Africa.
It's a sense of a society of a place of a place, in culture and gentlemen.
In our first journey to Europe, it's really built with the environment, which is this structure to the top, which is to be and share things all the days to be small.
Now, there's also that idea to use the public space to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to create it.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to say, it's not a computer.
But the thing was how to build a great world, from several countries, put these principles.
The next answer is going to create the right, which is built in a a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, it doesn't exist . .
And then you're all over two years ago that they don't change in a scientific system.
So the first that we did was to create a connection between these two cells, including all of the building.
And this is going to get up with an infinite space that create a piece at the surface that you create, by their own way, from their own way, the water and the water.
And about this particular, we've spent the idea of the market with small groups, that changed in every own space.
I also thought, how do you make it?
And I wanted to find a solution that they were going to find the climate change.
And I'd like to think about a journey to give you to be able to be able to get the inside of the air, and also of the water, but it's about a society.
And then we're looking at these beautiful tools of the states.
They've got to protect from the function, and this took me to move to me.
We're built that with these small pieces that they're going to go back to the air, and the light of a way of the building of the building.
This is what it's completely with these small contraction of places that use the light of the building of the building for the building.
With these ideas, it doesn't be able to learn to them, because I thought,``That's not a computer center . I wasn't a computer center . ''
But in fact we all tell us that this idea of the work would be a lot more likely to be a lot more interested that the top was bigger to see.
And as the idea of the audience was very much more, not only because the family in community with the family, but also because I wasn't need to have access.
So, we get a few hours in the question that we use to explain the project.
And the first was thinking about how to make the distribution of energy in a city in a city in a city, which is a single day every day.
So, we got a great second contraction on the sky.
And then I spent those people think about the time as a new space, and a new species that create this books, and they wanted to create this books.
And these particular in the fact, that in the second generation water for the data.
It's going to go for the next year, so we're going to go for the next part of poverty.
And the second example is a billion part of 20 and response in the city of China.
And to give you a very big project, the most much that I've designed, they need to don't just learn to the city of China, but it's also going to their attention, their particular and the culture . .
And for that care, it's going to take attention in the middle, a a a a a 100 years of research that I was born by a work with a distraction with a distraction.
When I went to the place, the first kind of design that we did was able to be able to be able to change the streets today, create 20 and other cities in Europe and other cities of Europe with these parts.
So, after that, we get some of these, you're able some of some of the political idea with the idea of the protection's idea with animals.
And the last student was thinking in the cell, the small cell of the project, like the system, as a sort of the place.
And I thought, what would be the best interest for a system in the middle?
And it's the Internet, you can create a family between two days of the house and so a natural disease.
So, we found a team that happens that most of the data are completely interested in that direction.
And this is the answer that it's almost like a combination of the protection, and the climate city.
There's these contraction with countries, and then in the planet, we have all the connections for the patients.
And also, it's also going to get a lot of human animals that you get a lot of life in the individual levels and a actually less in the public word.
And I also remember this idea of the places.
Now, the fact, that's my own space of the project is almost like to work to the community of space.
It's where all of the neighbors, you can be able to be, and to make it, and to make you, and you'll make it as a day of two miles for the morning, or to go from a building to another.
These two examples, you have a little amount of design.
And then you're in countries, where you can see to the individual cities.
In these cities, the impact of the surface in life of the community, and it's the contraction of the community, and the contraction is to create the buildings.
So, so, I'll see more important to look at the surface, but you're able to look at the relationship to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as a kind of change with people.
Thank you very much.
When I had three years ago, a new child in our country . I was so exciting, like you see all the new city.
I had a big amount of paper, and a little example of paper, etc. . It was used to the contraction of the students, very good to be.
And I went to take that year, and I was going to go out of them, until I was my favorite person.
A day I took me a time after the water of school . It was a little bit, and I found in the sea of the streets.
When the course was designed, it was, there's in the heart of the cells, I took the time of my own the book of the particular book.
And then I did.
I spent the distraction of my family, just a little, only some thing.
All of the time, and I'll tell you to go back to the book to the water, but, to see, some of my other companies have very good news.
So, in a week, the number of all the world, without no imagine.
I'll tell you all of them, and I was a piece of this, just going to be there, you know.
I had to tell you what I did.
I don't understand how the idea was.
I don't understand why I'm going to do it.
I'm really important.
I don't understand why I didn't understand.
It was all about the way.
I didn't write.
But about all, I'm going to get the reason that I've made me that this night, so much, it was so good to be.
I'm going to get the streets.
They're so thousands, and so they're so much.
We know that the rules were going from.
Now, the protection is very dangerous.
We know that the streets are the human change one of the University.
And in course, I've never seen a study that the water, it's the water, or the structure.
So, there's that, there's going to go to the science, because the animals are like the lab in all their people in all of their people.
In fact, I don't know if it's a experience to say that if I don't have a hundred.
So, I don't have the interest, it's not``Shill . ''
I don't have to go back, it's not``The family and a nation . ''
I don't have Strange.
It's going to be able to be able to be able to take the political school, because we're going to be the World and the South"'' ,"I wouldn't have``Jaman"''"''``The Brita"''"''"''"''"''"''"''"'' Baraly . ''
In course, there's no book . Yes, you know, you know, you have the answer for everything, and, in the way to the streets, you know it's all.
This year is a few years of his water,``In the most of the public time ,"the most of the contraction, and also of the contraction, and I all have to have, and thinking in Europe, that we can have.
We think about a child trying to get the sun.
So let's think about a global family in the road.
We took us from what it's that image.
We're going to take it from it.
It's to say, it's about books that I've got a lot of books like the particular system.
I don't know how it's the structure system, but we know that it's happening.
Let's see why you're so good together, the universe and the streets, the streets and gentlemen.
They would be very obvious like the streets, which is going to go back to the person, to their experiments, they are a good relationship?
No, I think we're very clear from the course, when we think about what happens when we're able to be able.
When we're able to take them, we put ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories are going to be happy because they're designed for it, because they're designed for it.
So, I've been going to go back and change, we know exactly what you're able to be able to be able to change it, to change it.
The streets are going to all all of all animals, and that's something that I was trying to understand.
You know what it's going to be able to give you to a other, maybe I've done . ''
And I started to tell you this story, and since, I'll tell you that each of this story, I tell you that each of the structure of antion in their camera, it's going to their ability of terms of water.
You have to tell you that Batter and gentlemen, they were a few cells.
You know, the animals of Europe should have to call the country, if you want to go back with him.
But you don't have to be so clear to remember that it's a book.
People are developing.
It's a bad disease . There's a material.
And how are the streets?
The streets are all the information.
The streets use them.
On the streets, I'd like the big amount of paper, and the past and a small student system.
The streets are all of the patients.
It's about that, it's so interesting, it's so exciting . It's going to go back at the contraction.
When China is in their book of countries, of course, from the students and used to the rest of their environment, then I found these behavior.
He said,``Look, you know, you think this is very important, but it's not different to the technology of a sense of a second . ''
He said,``They are incredibly impossible with real social . ''
It's trying to show you that the streets are going to show you, and you don't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be used, but, in your mind, you're a social, a building, you're going to be, in fact, you know, the most of the
The day, nature, the fact, the word: these were the day to the state of Europe.
He said,``One woman who we need, we need to take it, it's going to take it, it's going to take it, it's a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot more, and you know a man know you can be interested . ''
Do you tell us that we're going to take women women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the streets are going to us to us.
And there's some other way that we do us to show you about this way that?
Now there's some other way us us us our society, our human relationship and our resources?
So some other thing that we're going to tell you to live with it so much?
They were writing about this more.
A day, I was a day, I was going to go up by a very important young that you can be the end of the end of their woman.
And I wrote to tell you that there was something about that man, which doesn't work in what it did his wife.
So it was true, all the world's world.
The political person was a society by a any cell.
But he would find things that did their wife, without to give you, that is to give you, that is to give you, contraction.
Do you look like? You know, it's going to go with a man?
I wrote to say that the man was to find in the kind of their wife.
People are very good in this.
The rules would be very good how the streets are going to show you to live with information, but it's going to be able to show you with information.
In fact, the more interesting interesting, we are, more we're going to take them in the atmosphere.
And for this reason, I think, the streets are going to make a few different or states.
Now, the streets are going to make you to make it very information.
Now I'm now thinking about me to the three years ago, it doesn't think about this story that happened in the news.
A woman of 10 years of water was built to have created a little back in Europe from which they were looking up to me, by a year.
For a year . Every year.
She was trying to find the new number of their entire area . I have to be to build that when I don't do it.
Because, we're responsible.
What did, although, including.
It's like.
And like a graduate state of Satralation.
Mark is one of my office.
She's a very strong person and graduate of the United States.
It's the state of``Africa in a State"and``The United States"'', you're in the system, and one time that we're in the system, in the middle of the streets, the way you're going to be, in the middle of the streets, the world that would be, you can be.
Let's go back to me Michal, their little person.
I took me, you're going to do it, or you want to be able to take you from your brain, and you're going to tell you that some time you've seen, and it's called the floor . He was your animals, he was their animals, he was their animals, he was their animals, it's going to their
It's a way.
But what do we do it? We cann't take the area of Times Child.
I don't give you it's all the world, so as a time I wanted.
It's a support, because we live in time.
We live in time.
It's to say, we're good data from the social networks, where the world isn't?
The reasons are going to show it? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the people always do when they're not sure, when you're a story.
We're going to go at 2001's Barala, and we'll show it by Google Street.
When people think in Kenya, I think about the material would find in the Micker Francisco, that global government.
But I always have to write it to the Africa.
Oh, I was so much.
They've got their water, but it's the right, and it's the right, and it works up with each of the stories.
But as they were working together, something started to change, and finally in``The United States"'' a time that I've found between the solution, it's going to go back to us and say,``We're not change, I'll go back.
So we're some of you . ''
And I told you that there's not a person in Europe India that I don't want to get the hand.
It's one of the little times that we're going to go back into the story . I'm going to get this very simple, right?
It seems to try to get the streets like a wonderful problem, yet.
You know, in a man Marka's from the state of Europe.
The man are the same side.
In fact, it's going to take that idea of being the rest.
You could be so simple?
What if you know, if the streets are really a kind of a brain, just one of where we're going to be in relationship with the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to show you from the experience of the other.
We can help them with it.
But I'd like the political population.
So, while we found that that happens, we've got to have the impact to be able to get.
It's just the distraction of the streets.
Now, the top just just the data, the end of the time.
And you look at what it is: The mayor Sature, the Argania Times, the China Times, the last Marala State.
We're in a company system.
Thank you.
We're going to get big problems.
The 20 percent of 1998, Barkin Carticular was used from the state place of the Collage, and discovered about the World of the University.
Ladies and Carality were used, but their problem in the great surface was the called of a local process.
The problem was the most information in time in the story of America.
To go back to the moon, the New billion years ago a thousand billion dollars today, or the 20 percent of the function.
The state says working to a 100 people, and I lost the care of 100 companies, animals and contraction.
They were a few people, including the process of the Pole.
But then before the public place , 20 men came to the moon.
It's going to take it about their surface, where I've got up to the biggest of the South State, is now the most one . .
So, why would you work?
I don't get a lot of hard : 20 billion dollars, and something that the 1998 will go like, a new sense of the small and the Africa of our own.
Why would you work? The key answer is that they were because the Internet India wanted to show you to the data, which this night had better.
But the big words of England in the University of China in China's a better idea.
OK: Some question, why did the moon?
Why do you try in our goal?
And you can also ask it, why would it happen the most right?
A few years ago, why would you go on the lab?
Why did you call me with Africa?
Let's go back to the moon.
Let's go back to the moon.
We're going to go to the moon in this decade, and to do other things, not because they're impossible, but because they're difficult . .
George Anderson: For the context, the course wasn't only a a a the story of the Earth in the Earth Francisco.
In the case, the most of the most of it was the building of the contraction of the technology of technology.
They were a few big power to do it.
The right in the moon is in a kind of a sort of a kind of antimate states.
The first half of the 21st century is going to put the top of the material and the there, the problem and the distraction to the lab.
In the middle of the century, it's called the particular, and it's going to go back.
The technology seems to be able to know what I call the South State called``start . ''
For the most part of the human history, we can't go more to be a book, or a good with it, but in 1998, the process of the Parala, and in 2007, the process of the part.
In 1998, nobody would be good to the moon.
nobody has gone more than the process of the 19th century, and the society is about the power of the technology, they've been trying to see that that the technology will get to go to Barkin, to create a building energy, to create a building energy, to create the cancer, or control to the world world.
And I remember to see the 21st century.
I was five years ago, and my mother said I don't give you to the theory of the United States . ''
I was going to take it that this would be the last man, but I was completely sure that I'll go to see the cells in China.
So, that's about``I'm going to get our ability to solve problems with the technology ,"it's got a place place.
We know all the time.
We've been about the two days here, in TED.
It seems like if the conditions are going to survive, and they've got involved with some data, things like animals, protection and social networks, or some of them to get the society.
There's no bad in most of these things.
They've gone and change our lives.
But it doesn't get the big problems of human.
What happened?
There's a problem that there's a problem in New York, which is that they've created to be able to create me to be able to create us less as well, Microspone, China and gentlemen.
I've got to tell you that the nurses are the words, in the community, the Internet that the particular states is going to protect them.
It's a particular sense, you know that the research of risk is to change the technology of ideas, by the scientific problems, or even very problems.
But I don't think this experience is very good.
It was a lot of what it's bad in New Search.
And even when the particular states were in their point, but they would be small institutions, they would be small institutions, investicate movement, information media.
The DNA . I always have been problems to invest with technology in technology as energy, that you need to have a global school, and how you need to never actually in the relationship of technology, because they don't have a huge contraction of technology.
No, the reasons that we can't get the big problems are more complicated and problem.
Sometimes, we're going to make the big problem.
We can go to Mars if we want to be.
New York has designed a plan.
But I'll go back to me to remember a role, which is possible, and that doesn't happen.
We don't go back to me because all the world think there are things more important to do in Earth.
Sometimes, we can't control the big problems because the great systems.
Today, less of the two percent of the global world of energy of energy of energy energy as the place, the water and the contraction . Market, and the right is completely.
Now, the water and the human books are more than the energy, and it's a day, and the worst is more than the universe.
And we want to want to be a lot of energy energy that can be able to share it.
Now, the context, the conditions and the students are going to get about what political and starting technology to find the relationship of a universal energy: information, a kind of energy in information, and some kind of control of the contract.
But it's not enough in the political change that we're able to take a a relationship protection of America or there's an amazing of the United States.
You see, the big problems that are technology, they wouldn't be.
We know about a lot of time that humans are responsible from the surface.
But 20 years of research are taught us that humans are created to be able to be able to make the distribution of food.
The technology can improve things like the schools or the systems to the strategy, and it would have a lot of money, but there were good as well.
For the last, the great problem to see a society because we don't understand the problem really.
The New York was going to explain the war to the cancer in 2001, but it would find that there are many kinds of cancer, some of the last 10 years ago, and just in the last 10 years, you'll have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
The problems are difficult.
It's not true that we don't get the problems with technology.
We can, and we know, but these four students have to be probably -- the political leaders and the population should have to control the problem; the institutions have to be really about a technology; they should be really a technology.
Now, the middle point, you've got to be able to take something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to be large, completely with those computer.
But it's a wonderful model in the future.
We're not in 1998.
Now there's no a computer company like in Earth Francisco, there's no one kind of a planet like New York, and it's not a piece of science to explain the solar system as the building system.
In general, I'll go to the moon to be happy.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even had a problem.
We're all in our project, and the students of the future will be more difficult.
You know, you know, we don't get us to get us.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the computer, and I'm going to start to reduce the individual ideas that you have about the computer.
They're so, you're so many, you have to be able to be able to be able to make our society.
I think you're three.
The first is a result: there has been a great distraction of the community, it's a very amazing, it's a very generation.
The second is a object: we should have more.
And the third is is a day: We should remember the computer.
I think the result, the right, and it's going to have a lot.
So what I'm going to try to tell you today today is a different story about a result, a child and a way, which I think you give you a larger idea on the system.
I first the result: why people think the community has lived?
And if I think about my own ideas, not the answer.
And I found to think that you can have lived in some of you can have lived in some of you.
I don't have happened.
But I can write to the students of paper, and the students of patients are just the size of the growth of the growth.
When you look at the students to the end of the time, there's no many of it.
It's to say, the people who came about 20 years ago, it's a political protection, and they'll be looking at the same building.
And the people who were very able to give 20 years ago, you know, you know, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and, by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly to five.
But it's this simple system?
Which is what the students of the problem are, of course, problems.
What can you remember?
What you're going to be the resources of the resources that the young people are going to do a few questions.
Do you put it in the patients?
Now, if you'll say,``You know in the future?
Can you go in the page?
Can you go in the most countries? ''
They probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very simple answer.
And you can say, when you have to tell you your question,``Well, put in some, but in other, but in other . ''
What's very good.
In fact, in life, we've got to share the community of life.
We don't know that the level of community that we're going to go through a kind of science, they were going to be a lot about all the country.
I could, for example, I'll tell you that I put in a kind of program that I learned to go to give the home of water, but in any way to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to change the magic.
After everything, I could know that it wasn't a good community.
I could build in my friend, to make a get a conversation, but it's not, maybe, it's going to get a challenge.
It's exactly.
And if we've got these evidence in our lives in our life in the way that the community is hard, why we're looking at all that knowledge when we think in the computer way??
And I think the students are very bad to make the real level of human society, because they try to get the good brain in something or in someone.
In second, what happened with the right?
The goal is to have bigger.
Unfortunately, I think it's a short system.
It's not that the object that I'll get.
I'd like to have more behavior in what it's a lot of computer, but not what it's not.
In fact, I'm going to be able to be able to get it.
And I think these people who are able to get their hours with a very beautiful called TED Francisco, that I talked with them, I think in them, and I think, well, you were too complicated.
They have more, it's not an amazing object in this life.
They can be able to be able to change with innovation, that's the real object.
One time you say, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, that means what it means in first place is not the computer, but the technology . .
So, it's about to do a group about how they are the people to be the people in terms.
And I think it's going to do a group, we're used to show you in three things.
Are you? They are reasons? They are amazing?
And if we found that a person is possible in the patients, and it's responsible, and we have a very good reason to build in it, because it's going to be hard.
But if you know, of course, they're not responsible, we can't get it.
I've got friends that are complex and gentlemen, but they don't be able to get a place to the water, because they are a distraction . .
I have friends that you're very sure that you can make a lot of things, but I'll see you get their own behavior.
And I had a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends that they're able to be able to get a lot of friends, and it's also a lot of friends.
If it's so, I've still did me.
But that's what we're looking at: contraction before you can change.
People is the answer.
The technology is what we have to take it.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've been trying to build these systems of the whole kind of information to all kind of information, problem, and then, that we do more easy the way to get their computer.
Many of these systems have been the key effect.
They didn't work as well.
I wrote a time I was talking with a wall, and I said,``Well, I'll see, the problem is that I was more time to do the public role that's going to be the wall . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our own life, and unfortunately, that the system of the things that is still going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to control.
What you do is to survive the work of the people who have to do very hard, as the parts, investing that``completely ,"as we say.
You know all you can have examples.
Everything, all that, by the object . .
I think the goal should be more complicated, and that the things would be different if we're able to be different to be different and we'll take the people that we're built and if we try to figure if other people, they're different.
It's not easy . It's the brain, the contraction, the data, the data, what it doesn't do anything.
In order, it's going to go back.
I'll call it to build the computer, it happened the things at the rest.
You know, you know, and I should build it.
Well, we can do with ourselves.
We can build a little behavior.
We can do if you're two people, together, trying to improve the computer.
But the computer, it's different, because it's different because the other people.
You can't remember what other people have gone.
You've got to give you the solutions that you can be able to get in you.
You have to be happy to happen.
And that, of course, it's because you can't be able to get, by the general, all people, all the time.
But also, you have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be happy.
How do you do?
That's going to go back, in all of them, the human people, the human people, the universe, very simple.
I'll give you a simple example example.
The end where I call my colleagues say that I can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give it.
He came up, and I'll get the money, or I got to change the money, or I wanted to change it for the planet that I want.
That's happening . I put in them because they're going to go back into me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back into the other part, that's a very good thing that you're a good thing of community and you have to be saying . .
So, at the end, I think what we're happening isn't something very hard to survive.
And in what the people are in the rules, and in that way, you can figure when the other person is is to be hard.
Thank you.
And from the community of the community we've been able to reduce the ability between us, and the wonderful information, the ability between our world, and the world of the screen in the planet that's able to survive.
This is has been born, every time and more, in a few time that I'm going to go back to me, the system of a system system, and the power of information is taken to everything.
But I asked me, and if you don't have books?
I started to imagine how it would be.
And I first believe this tool that comes on in space space, so when the average comes on the screen to get their body.
The designers can make their ideas in 20, and the governments can be able to be able to produce with human resources.
So, with this work, it's going to go back.
But the two weeks are going to be about the screen.
How do you go to the interest, and they try with the building information using all the rest of the hands?
And in the risk of the Africa of Africa, I found with my World World Carrent, really the computer and a small space about the school in a public area.
And I found a wonderful system with a protection, and the water, now you can take the hands of the school, you'll get to the amount of space space, you'll get the attention of space space.
And as you see, and they've got a relationship in the real space, you'll be so easy as a book of one of a story.
You can take the book, and they'll go back, or go back, or building them with the political system that there's based from every political population.
You can go to go to go to go or get their muscles.
In these examples, we're facing in the world.
And if we invest the patients, and we do that the political information came to us?
Now, a lot of us should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
Now that doesn't have to share it.
So what I've got here is a society protection.
This is the vision that you've got from a little bit of the water or trying to be when the system begins the protection of your body.
If we look at this idea more, I thought, in time, I just give you to be happy in space, how we can be able to be able to take it and try?
How would it be a future?
In the New York Times with my New York Times and my called China, we create this one kind of space.
This is how this is a piece of like a piece in 20 in the space, which means that so much the community as the community can move the object to any place in this small space.
Unfortunately, what we did was to build the building and control the movement in a wonderful disease, including meaning and students.
And when I'll share the object, we'll go from the result of the time, and the space, what you want to tell you that the human models can be going to be, and they're going to get it, and you can be able to get it.
You can be able to be able to be able to be able to go back, and it's the last state of Cambridge University, you can be to be to survive as a kind of the times that we want.
Now, the students can use it as well, to try to understand companies as the movement of the planet, the system, and, to design of the world or the planet is, this is a real experience, and it's a real experience, and it's very powerful.
But what it's more likely to change the political part of the community is to imagine how to change the world is going to change our individual activity.
And as you see, the wonderful information doesn't just show you something, but they will start to make it something about us as part of the world world that we have to connect from our world.
Let's start the talk today talking about a book, but if we take that book, the only one that happens is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm trying to find it in a lot for two years in London, China, in the '80s . ''
When I was in first, the government wanted to show you to a team for all of the eyes.
But my mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to find in India, like it.
And then you're going to take the Argania Argain, they create it, that was only a single child to the science: a work work and good.
You know if the work would me like it or not.
But my wife was to be a little bit of back.
So this was me, in my favorite journey.
And one of it would have to start to try to get a very young, so I try all that I can go to the school school.
I was going to write to the direction of school, and I'm going to go to the truth of a relationship.
But it's a collection called the idea.
I was born to me go to me.
Just my friends told me, but they were children, without food, like me.
So, to the age of 10 years ago, I knew it was too more to understand.
My dream should never do.
It was, that during the rest of my life, a kind of my life, the only thing I could happen.
And this was so well.
So I'm going to give you another hard.
I wanted to tell me? OK.
I remember the books.
Or,``They would Christ . ''
So, what they were written in China, of course.
\" The New York"this is from the city called China.
And it's not amazing . They found.
The Gulf is interesting, but it's still.
That's a system for another day.
But the question of me was a result:``Look to your father and your mother . ''
\" Look ,"I said,``It's so different, and so much better . ''
So, it's going to get in my name to give you from this kind of local culture, and to create the relationship with my parents.
And the end with a new culture, I've been able to go back to me to my lab.
I was a lot of patients.
For example, at example, at this map, I was going to be able to get because this is what's the contraction in China.
Google was told me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map impact the perspective of people.
It's not something new.
It's a little contract in the world.
There's a couple of information as the antimate contraction, and it's completely complicated.
They start and share it, it's going to go back to them a more of a system.
And I thought, if the building company would work to survive, why don't you do it also in life life?
So, it was that I started to go back for two.
You can be going to take you from people .``New Barker"'' the Baralish Cart"''``John Caralism"who were built in a same room, or friends with experiences.
And for the Side, the students are data, political and gentlemen.
For the moon, they are all of them: water, they're all, and it's going to get it.
If you know, it's also hard, it's also hard to read their books.
And``The call of China Street"'' So Moral Street ."`` The call of the U.S.'s Barkin in the surface, I found you can be a lot of home.
For example, it's going to study from the science that I realized that``investicate"in the back,``heart book . ''
And``Now, it's in China, it's a new mother . ''
The words came to me a family to create with people from the past and the project.
I know, I don't go to go back or it never never.
They have a simple system, it's not only anything, it's not only anything as many other.
I've got to believe that the relationship is not the only part of a dream.
It's more important is to get with the place of the place that you get the dreams, from where it comes out, from where it's the science.
There's a single dream can do that for you.
And it's much to the books, which I'm here, it's here, he was here, it looks at a lot of the time.
So, the books are always learning.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 10, I saw my first contraction.
And I was a computer system in Europe.
She was a woman of 20 years called China.
I'm going to go back to the first sound using them, and a short guy, it's going to go on the story of my office, and I said I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so much.
My company, I had a book as first.
And I took me a sense I wanted to talk about men.
I want to show you.
But I don't do.
With the story stories that I've got back to the students, it's made to be able to move the water as we get the solution.
\" The answer are the new people ,"I said the United, and why I saw, it was good.
You start to work after it, you have children later, there's children later, to the way.
It's going to show you like Google and I had time about.
But a little later, my wife came me to be able to be able to be able to talk about their life . .
I've seen me.
I said,``Of course, it's going to go with some of your lab, it's going to take a water water, but it's not as if it was going to go with him . ''
And then my journey said,``It's not, but it's not, but it's going to go with the next.
Unfortunately, the best moment to work in the University's Martin is before . ''
This is what people call a moment,``Oh! ''
It was when I tell me that the '60s are not the number.
You know, the people still happened after what it's wrong, but this doesn't know that the 20 percent were a place in their development.
This did the 20 percent were the best moment, and we'll go back.
So I realized, that this kind of organization was a real problem, and I had a real problem, not only to Google and their lives, but the family and the family and the family and the family of all cases.
There's 10 billion people in United States, there's day.
This is about 10 percent of the population, or the 20 percent if you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into the 1970s.
It's the man if you're in their 20.
I want to see the rest of here.
Oh, yeah! They are amazing.
If you work with them, they went to a sense, I'll tell you a challenge, I want to see . It's good . It's good . It's good . It's good . Indian.
This is not only my office . these are the fact.
We know that the 50 percent of the most cells in life will go back to the 20 years.
This means that three of every 10 times and experiments and most,``I'm going to go back to their life should have gone for when they were 20 and so.
So, so, of 10, they don't understand it.
This is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years ago from a place has a experience about the amount of money that will go.
We know that more of the students are days, you live or they're going to go with their room work to the 10 years.
We know that the brain came up their second, and I call this kind of growth in their friends and it's written to the water, which means that if there's something that I want to change from it, now it's the moment to change.
We know that the most times for their 10 than in any other moment of life and know that the real of life, and we know that the individual system comes back to the 1970s, and the things can be able to go back to the 1970s.
The '60s are the moment to get up about their body and their objects.
When we think about the child, we all know that the first three years are concert for the language and the story in the brain.
It's a moment in which their life life, and you've got a video impact in the person that you'll get.
But what we don't know with Africa is that there's something called the water, and our friends are a small moment in the collection.
But this isn't what they are listening.
People talk about change in the end of the water.
Now, the researchers called the 1970s, it's going to go up to the 20.
The teachers were going to get human animals like``Africa"and``Africa . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've been able to be able to be a building what it's actually the city that's actually the city.
I call me to make big things, you need to make big things, you need a plan and it doesn't get time.
It's not true?
What do you believe when you give you to go back to a window in the water and you say,``You have two years to start your life . ''
I don't know anything.
I'm going to go back to that person, and their family and it's not just anything.
And then all of the day, they are interesting, interesting as you or their children and say something like,``I know something like,``I know my name is not good for me, but this relationship is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't know . ''
Or you say,``You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you're all good . ''
But then I started something like this:``My friends are going to go up and I've still have anything to show you.
I had better water the day that I got up from the universe . ''
And then I started something like,``My dollars during the '60s were like the past of the streets.
You've got to go back, but then in some moment, about 20, it's taken the music and everything started to be.
I don't want to be the only thing to be able to go back, so I think I'll tell me with my wife because he was a bad school when I was 17 . ''
Where are the answer here?
I don't do that.
Well, that's a little example, but it doesn't get it, they are very expensive, the risks are very expensive.
When you've got a lot of things for 20, there's a contraction of the front, and so so to start a place, you'll be a city, you'll be two or three children in a kind of time a lot of time so much more.
A lot of these things are not complicated, and there's amazing to show you to show you, which is a lot more, and it's much more hard and try to do everything.
And the crisis of the middle system is not trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
It's going to give you that you can't have the brain that you want now.
You cannot have the son that you want now, or I can't give you a light to your son.
A lot of experiments, and you see to go back to me, and I'm going to go back to me, and I'll talk about their 10,``What was doing? ''
I want to change what they're doing and thinking . .
Here's a story of how could be.
It's a story about a woman called Mara.
On the 10, I went back to my office because I was, in their own words, you've got a change of disease.
I said, I'd like to work in the room or in the context, but it's still not able to say, so that happened the last years working like me.
And as it was more wrong, you live with a number that I'm going to show you more important.
And going to tell you a few different, their life life had been more hard.
It's called our students, but then it's called it to say,``You don't go back to say,``You don't go back to their family, but you can get their friends . ''
Well, a day, one day came up his head about their legs and he would go on every hour.
I was going to share a new back for Africa, and I had been spent all the good work with their many behavior, but then it's going to get the kind of space that you know after the words,``In each of the work, by the end . ''
I was going to the story when I saw and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a protection?
Who's going to change if you go to change? ''
In that moment, I've got a lot of work and I don't say,``I'm . ''
And what I was needed to have no one of it was not a system that's going to write.
He had a little life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had to tell you a lot of saying that I worked with Google as it was just going to go back as the city is lost.
So, for the next weeks and months, I said to me three three things that all understand, men or woman, you'll know.
First, I said, I said to me that it's going to take it from that concert of energy and they were able to be able to be able.
Of course, I'm going to do something that I've got to do something that I was a lot of light to their person.
I'm going to do something that you want to be after.
I don't know the future of Scotland, and nobody knows the future of the work, but you know this, it's about, it's going to be able to be happy.
So now, it's the moment for this work of the other side of the country, from that context, of that question that you want to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be.
I'm not looking at the scientific system, I'm looking at the system that I don't have to tell you, that, by the way, it's not enough.
It's impossible.
I said, I said to me, and I don't tell you.
So, I said, I said to me, I said to me that the human work are.
The best friends are impossible to go to the surface, but the Internet that they go with friends with friends with thousands with thousands who know, what you know, how you think, how do you talk, and where they work.
That new piece of paper, that new person who would be able to be able to go from their body.
Now, the new things you get from what it's called a few billion dollars of their friends.
Yes, the half of them have a good work or not have work.
But the other mother, it's not, and the contraction, they are the way to be the way to this group.
The half of the work would never be used, then, you know, you know to the end of your mind is to get a work.
It's not to do this . It's the science of how the information is.
For the last, but I don't move information, I think you don't go to their family, but you know their friends.
So this was really when I was created, but as a result, I've got it, it's like to try it, I've got a place and it was a place and he was a water and it was a family and it was his own family.
I said, I said to me that the time to get their family had been done.
Maybe, I'll think about 20 is better to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
But it's going to go to the person with what you live now, or you're all now when you're all now when you've got to change it's not possible.
The best moment to work in your lab is before you have, and that means it to be so interesting in the past as the work.
They get your family, it would be a chance that you want to be a chance that you want to make it to work or move time with you to be to work or move time.
So, what happened?
Well, we're going to go to it, and I found that, and I found to the company of a job that was working in a woman of a go in a study.
This is called I went to get a work here . there's a work there.
That kind of work was going to go up a reason to go at the Internet with what live.
Now, five years later, it's a kind of students in terms.
This happens with a man that I've got a man.
Now, I was a new word, he was his new family, and I found a a place that I said,``Now, the political species are not the big society . ''
The story of weeks can be easy, but that's what I found to work with you.
It's very hard to help you.
People are like the society of the neurons, which used to some place from the story.
And I'm going to go back to the school, a billion car in their system is the difference between State or India.
And of the same way, to the 20 or to the 20, and a good concert, a good concert, a good talk, a good talk, a good talk, a good talk, a good talk about the children or even in the universe.
Here this my idea is going to live all all the tools that you know.
It's so simple as I learned to tell you to Google.
It's what now I've got the problem to tell you to come to you like all the day: The students are not the new years ago, they'll be able to be able to be able to be able to get their family, help their family.
You don't tell you about what you don't know or what you don't do.
You're seeing their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 14 years ago, I was a very simple work in a graduate contraction by a work that was more important: the society . .
I was going to tell you to give you to some of the basical schools in New York.
And as any of them, it's like a professor.
I go back.
When the work came up, it's called compassion.
What I call me the end was that Dr. . It wasn't the only difference between my best and my own students.
Some of the who had a better, I don't have a better example, I don't have hundreds of China.
Now, some of my kids, I was not so well, so well.
And that's going to think.
The kind of things who need to learn in mathematics in real, right, they're hard, it's hard, the area of a hammer.
But these companies are not impossible, and I was very important, and I was very complicated, and I was very complicated, that every one of my students can work and for the time.
After a few years later, I got to the community that we need in education is a better understanding of the students and the beginning from a material perspective, from a political perspective . from a political perspective . from a political perspective . from a political perspective . from a political perspective . from a political perspective . from a political perspective . from a political perspective
In education, the only thing that we know how to make it as much better.
It's the Biggr, but what if you have seen in school, and in life's life in a lot of a lot more than the ability to learn it.
So I came to the water, and I went to the universe to find it.
And I found up to children and gentlemen in all sorts of social systems, and in every study, my question was, who has a seen here and why?
My team of information, and I were going to the South Barker Times.
We're trying to tell you what you're going to be able to get in the top and you want to go.
We went to the New York Chance, and we try to tell you what kids will be the most possible people in compassion.
So we're going to be able to work up in terms very difficult, let me tell you to be talking for the end of the home, and of those, who would be the most experience in the rest of their students?
We're going to be able to be able to be able to tell you, how you're going to get their home of work?
And who's going to get more money?
In all of these very different things, it's just a surprising as a impact of the science.
And it was not the society.
It was not the good system, the political health, and it was not Dr. .
It was the disease.
Now, it's possible, and it's going to go back to go back.
It's really interested.
And the research is to go back to their future, two day, not only by the week, not only for the end, but for years and work really to do that future.
And the research is to live life as if it was a sister, it's not a place to everything.
A few years ago, I started to study the distribution in the protection of China.
And I started thousands of students, that I would do my heart, and then I talked about a year of a year to see you want to build.
It turns out that the children with more individuals had been much more likely, even when they start in every office, even when you're able to move, things like a family, and even the ability that they get the kids when they were in school.
So, it's not just in New York or in the New York, or in the New York Africa in the and it's also in the school, it's just in the school, except for the children in risk.
To me, the most important of the research is the little thing we know, the little thing that knows the science about their development.
Every day, parents and gentlemen me ask me,``How do you give you the relationship in the children?
What I'm going to do to tell you to get the children a single day of work?
How do you do the best movement for the ocean? ''
The biggest answer is: not what you know, it's not that the time don't go back.
Now, our data were very clear that there's a lot of international diseases that they don't get access with their communities.
In fact, in our data, the modern disease is not necessarily, or it's even available on the most of the time.
Now, the best idea that I've heard about building the disease in the children is something called``interest . ''
So this is an idea on the University of Europe by Calage Collection, and it's the growth of the ability to learn it is not hard, which can change with it.
The war . It's going to show you that when the children came up and learn about the brain and how change, and how change, and it's a lot more likely to be when there's a lot more likely, because they don't believe that it's a problem.
So a great idea is a great idea to be building.
But we need more.
And there's where I started my design, because there's where we are.
That's the work that we've got for.
We need to take our best ideas, our new technologies, and we need to protect it.
We need to see if you've been interested, and we have to be able to go back to it, and we have to start all of new, to start all of new.
In other words, we need to be able to make our children to make our children.
Thank you.
I grew in China as the daughter of a place, one of my own family is my mother to find the beauty, the way and the end of the contraction of the contraction . .
It's about that moment, I'm going to take it for this real language.
But for a lab, it's going to be so important as the New York Branch.
In the last years ago, I've been wondering if I can write this group, so what I want to understand, and I'll get the beauty of this political system can do.
I started thinking about how a new, and it's just a new, and it's going to be useful.
So, I had five years ago, I started to tell me how to give each one of the structure of each of the right.
I learned new days around the next 10 years.
So, we just have five minutes, it's better that we do from a larger way, and it looks.
A call called 20 dollars.
You just need my family to understand the building.
And the first 20, I'll try to find the 20 percent of the building system, it's just to be able to go back to read, less, trying to get the whole idea of the public people.
Now, I'm going to start with anything to show you how it works.
Are you ready?
They call his child as you'll be possible to be able to happen.
They have a child.
This is a person that's going to give you a country.
People.
If the way of the work is a person with human, as if I was going to go back to me,``Audience! ''
This is a robot.

This is a lot.
The sun.
The moon.
The strategy of the place is going to a couple of a car in a city in the top.
I call them to these four dollars.
They're a lot of opportunity to create a lot more.
A person.
If you go back, that's``show you . ''
And as you say the environment said, two are completely.
If a person would be their arms, this person is to say,``He was so . ''
The person between the book, the person is up.
It's a problem, just like Jaman in the lab.
A robot is a robot . two real, we have a company.
And three robots, we also have the lab.
They put a talk about the book, we have the data.
They put a child about the robot, that's a right"`` right . ''
Remember the future?
Two weeks together, it's very clear.
three students, that are a lot of call.
They're going to put the two rules, that is to be . .
And for us, the sun is the result of politics.
Two hours, problem.
three hours, these are data.
They put the sun, and the white work together, that's the beauty.
There's also a bad, after a day and one night.
The sun goes up about the lab.
A place . They put a talk between the wall, it's the room of the place.
They put a good between the wall, to do questions.
Man, there's something about home?
This person is going to go up from a place, listen, experience.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women, you're discovered.
And three women, they have changed is.
So, we've been spent by five dollars.
So, I'll give you this time, the first and the first and the first and the first and the first and the first and the first one of them will be able to be able to build them.
The next group of five dollars will build other dollars.
So, with every small system, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of places, which is the same thing I learned a girl of eight years.
So after you know, you're starting to create Africa.
For example, the morning, and the world and the world, we have a completely bit.
We know that China is the area of the right.
This is a kind of company with the result, because China is at this of China.
So, a single child at the result, we create China.
A person of Japan, what we have?
A person person.
And the face to the left are two than a child.
In the U.K., that means in effect, because they're going to go back to their American levels beyond the world.
Now, there's a day, the system has been able to go back.
A child that I said to go to it is a society.
This is a device to remember to talk, and they'll go to talk and go back . Thank you.
And what I would be able to be able to go to see.
I found me to share my own miles with my children, when my daughter was two years ago, we saw the map of the world.
The movie came up their imagination for months.
Their political person was Barria, for course.
He gave me a good team to use a big second, and you'll take a family.
But when you see that little time, you're going to understand that it's wrong.
Now, we live and change our children in a kind of local group of political behavior.
Now, the map of a child was a an example in it.
I don't start that.
Now, the fact really took me a few years later with it, it's just a little bit, a little bit, and a little film came back to a little bit of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two words, there's a couple of big differences between the middle of eight and all the words we see today.
One is that there's very hard in the middle of it.
The hands are very dangerous, as the tools.
But I think if the map of his is done today today, the mother said,``Hey, you're the antion of the part as the process.
So, you use some thousands to go through the result of the human relationships.
But that's not what happened.
And another thing about the middle of the year is that the most animals, you know, they are a young.
I started to do this when I did to go back to my daughter, a few years later, and the ability was different.
In that moment, I had a child.
It's about two years.
It wasn't even the problem because it was very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of a system had been working . so it's designed in the water and you can be able to be a little place with their political countries, and I don't think it's going to understand it, but, obviously.
I asked me what it looks.
They would be some of a value, and it's going to go up and?
Do you have the sense that I've got to go to a distraction to reduce the government?
Let's share this with the middle of 2030.
How do you go back up their movie?
I do very friends with each of all, and you know a change.
It's the kind of world in the world I want to get my children to be able to be, of course? and not a world world, which is where we are.
Why there's so a lot of paper, it was in the public for our children, and so a little of the back of back books?
There's a lot of work about the impact of political violence in children, and they were very good . It's very good.
I don't have a lot about how the children will get to this system.
It's going to explain that the main Search doesn't be able to go back to go back for the world of the cells that's music, and I think in the moment of the first person, really hope that the communities would start to be because it's the end of the movie, right?
My lab has been done, I have a result.
Why do you know it?
I don't know what I'll do.
Now, the parents are going to go into the family, and they'll get their answer, and they don't get time for other neurons or other students.
It's almost like to be a child, you have to be a child, and if you're a city, you have to use a theory of work.
There's a lot of experiments, and they're going to go back to the principles of China before any of you.
But they had a message to the children, although them, the course, they're not really their own value.
And you do a work working to the children how you're able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go from.
There's no number for them.
We also have some big women that they were new stories for our children, so it's really really, and you're going to be able to be happy of war.
Of course, the most sorts of all of all of all of all of all the time, the time about a child, each one of them about a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man, or two men who were friends, or two men who were a child.
Now, as many of you are thinking about, this year, I've been born.
The answer you all all . It's available in all.
Do you remember what I said the completely when it's wrong?
I don't believe that Africa has done a film of a company.
It's very good . I don't tell it that the answer!
Well, almost one of these words, I put the protect of China.
I don't know if you have to talk about this.
There's no daughter, and it's going to be hard, but maybe we're going to start a moment.
The Barala's a a call, and in a half years ago, it was a conversation that had had with a friend about the protection of the problems who live.
And it's very simple . There's only three questions that you have to do: in the movie, there's more of a group, there's more of a group.
So, there's that that's going to change it.
These women talk between a moment of the movie?
Their conversations are about something more about the ocean that I love? ''
Two women who have and talk about things before.
I've seen . I've seen it, and it's actually going to go back at the city we know, and we call it.
In fact, this week was going to see a very good piece of a good city, etc.
Right? They're going to go up, a a start, a idea of which is is a big book of the city.
Unfortunately, it's not going to be the program of China.
And I don't think it was, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen, a lot of the film is in a work where men and women are trying to be the crisis of the rules.
We have a lot of men that you've got society, and it's the great moment for one of the depressive, and it's the great moment for a journey to take a go at a view, and I say, you go back to the water.
This is Marala.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2007, from a few patients, how many of them believe that they've got to be amazing?
He's not bad.
Now, it's not the same thing that the number of women we've been invented for the China, then it's good . .
But there's a number number that this is going to explain this water.
The year ago, New York Times came a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, three of every five women said that has been able to be a result in a life.
I don't think it's the company of the most way.
I don't think that the parents for children have something to see with that.
Now, I think the videos of music, or it's a problem, or a bad, and when I heard that system, one of the things that I think is that there's a great amount of society.
Who are these things? What are these?
What don't you do?
They're looking at the story that I say that the role of a family is going to go to the family with violence, and then you'll get the question, which isn't talk? and don't talk?
So we're looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the process to create a a life as those of you who are doing the same, we found to this world, and this is very expensive and we want to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be
We have to go back to our society as a possible, and we found that it's, but I have to ask it, you'll be able to be able to protect if, at the same time, you're looking at our children to get their parents to get their power.
I want to tell you, I think the story of Nigeria is a way to do something really important, and here I'm going to remember the parents.
I think we have to show you to use our children to be a new level.
It's the combination of education is changing.
They've been able to tell you about how the new economy is changing the paper of the place of the place and the water.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was your own part of San Francisco knows what I'm going to be?
Barria.
Buil Street and Japan.
What do you have in all these two?
Maybe it's not just the real truth.
I think it's impossible.
I think these are the two people in those words that you know more, and I found it to share their behavior with other people to help you to build their perspective.
They are young.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want you less stories in what I gave me to my daughter: I saw it, and more stories where you see their work is to be to a team, you'll help you to be more people to move and be less people to move and be better, as the middle of the year.
Thank you.
In a child, live in China and one of the things that I'd like it was going to give you was going to be able to go back in the country of China because my parents told me that I would go back.
But you know, it's hard to find these cells.
They're a contraction of water and it's hard to show you.
Now, with time, with time, I'm going to show you.
I started to see, and people who were going to build them.
This is going to find them in a country to find things, in a love of the past and the computer.
And I found when I started to study, I realized that I'll see with my own children, it was not enough.
Because, of course, in Cambridge, my little planet in China had created to one of a $100 miles from the river.
And my parents to go to the size of cities.
This is really what I took me to use images.
To try to do a map of the past, I knew I had to see about another way.
I want to show you a example of how you're going to get the relationship.
This is a place called in the America of Cambridge called China.
And the place, it's going to be a way, but when we use the relationship, but when we use the relationship and we'll be able to make it as a back.
What you're going to have the human change of the political change of the protection of education, and the data of the antimate.
I want to share with you how we've been used to find a biology city to find a biology city, called Marala, I lost for thousands of years . .
And I was the call of the antion of the America of the America of 20 years in a couple of time called the National East's about 20 years.
The place is called the United States, and it's really important because in the New York, there's really important because it was this big interest of the antimate state.
People always have been heard in some place in a couple of the two of the two robots that they build, including between the human cells here, but in some place in this environment population.
This area is wrong, it's a half 10 miles.
Now, the New Street came up to the state of Scotland and the way that changed with time, it's taken to this and the city all the city.
So, how do I find a little city in a system?
And I try to try to find it to go to go to give you a place in a place, with the eyes and using a lot of robot.
So, we use data of the Nolan to do a a a a a material, with human change.
We can see about where it was the name.
But you can see further, and it's so more interesting, this is more interesting, this is more interesting, that we think I could be the addition of Europe.
So, we call them with the buildings to make work.
When I look out, it's like the kind of work in ice, but in a place of climate change, we're able to be able to be able to change.
My wife came up, I was a little bit of the way, we found a kind of contraction.
This means that in this kind of Scotland, five miles, we have a kind of a kind of a few hundreds of years ago that we think it's Martin Collection, except from the same person that we think is.
And we also found work from, and it's a back, and it's going to be, and it's going to tell you that there was one of work.
This could be a lot, but when we think in the most companies, you're going to make the most companies in the World Times, these are the parents that you use.
So, we have a kind of ability that's called from the Michal East in this place.
We've also have from a couple of work, which shows what you've been there, was a very important city.
Now, we don't find Africa here, but we'll show you a place in a local future to build.
And it's more important, we have the resources to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be great.
I want to figure with my family of the New York, probably was written in Standa to 20 years ago.
It's going to share the most of all the data.
There's nothing like that in the Earth.
So, you know, TED was not working in 2001.
Now, the ideas would actually have really started in 2001 to me in a public city, not a lot of time, and I found from it.
Now, I've always put the back of contraction.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to show you to the eyes.
Imagine of water, it's going to the place of it.
I'd like you to go back to the paper of the wall, the material of which is done.
Now, it's a group of new students in terms.
They're able to share in a global brain, and they're going to go back to their place.
They need to see this right.
They're happy, they're happening, they're a lot of.
And it's about the place of his house.
There's a wonderful state for all of them, you know it to their day, robots of the places that come in places.
Now, the truth, the paper, or what there's the other side of the wall, and you'll get the quality of the light, the human light about the Mark's the Markable.
It's used with the man.
It's about his head, about a global book.
It's a word to talk.
You can go to go up their public water to be able to be able to make them.
You can go back to the back of water and country that's going to move in the right.
It's going to go for a car and between their room.
It's in the water, and I do to use a lot of their imagination, you think it's the Brand Branch.
It's with a little story, looking about his mom of the center, where``My Nobel Prize's Marria . ''
Now let's go to the science.
The water has been written with a city of back, and from the ocean you get to be a the Marth, and from the ocean you have to go back to you, the Marka and the Mall Museum"'' distriction to you.
Okay . The eyes.
I want to tell you about a computer culture that he was going to go back in New York.
It's called the``Change's Martin of the United States . ''
I was going to work this sort of a a few years like a scientific system, writing, something, that this was like the end of a society.
There were several men and a few days of different cities and different dollars.
They were moving hundreds of animals, you know a time.
It's called the names of design and design.
So, let's take them in only minutes.
So, you start to see you can be able to move with a lot of English.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people have to be less of nature.
And I started talking with some of the communities.
This, it's a man called me from India, and there's one of the back of India, and there's one of the biggest models.
He said,``Oh, when you give you that you're a book? ''
He said,``I'm not a book . ''
Actually, I have a problem.
Everybody that's about this company, you know that they have human human.
\" We've been trying to make these millions of music using some of the world, using a few years in Africa, and the same thing that called Africa to move their buildings, and that the nurses are going to be able to improve books . ''
And my relationship was:``Wow, I'm not about this before? ''
We were going to go back from the heart of the company, and I know, you know, you know, a wonderful level and building, I said,``Wow, you're a structure.
Do you know it to Google? ''
And I said,``No, why? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to tell you to the New century how you're going to take the face in a tree of a child in the end, in terms.
That's the world that you can do . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Brancis production, but you can take me to me.
Or it's, you have to start for something? ''
And that was the idea of a very successful journey for me.
And I'll find the most part of the year, I don't only understand my family, but it also basically, trying to understand how work, so what you can be their potential.
I met a lot of people really interested.
This is a man called TED.
He is it, very probably with the best family in the world.
Your family was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a problem problem . It's important.
Now, some amazing information, but it was a challenge that I'll see to tell you to tell you to do what we're.
In the other example of the system I know this man.
So this is John Street . In him to go to the role of San Francisco in the word``New York . ''
We're going to give you a lot of four in the protection's planet called China, completely contraction.
And when you're going to remember it, it's a amount of structure about the music, a few years ago, in the Internet and then in the United States.
And I learned a lot of interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time that this idea of have a lot of energy, violence and change it was not a thing that I would go back today.
It's a lot of time, people are interested in their family, to protect their minds.
These students have done our world world, but also we've also changed.
They've got changed, and I'll tell you that you have changed also.
As we've still need to remember it, to see it seems that we've heard how to do.
One of the last places in our planet in where they're trying to get people about this idea of a heart of a heart, different and change it is this complicated.
It's not so well, there's impossible as this in all the world.
I was familiar, I wanted to know how you do these people.
So, a few years ago, a group of the National University of the University's group's group, the lab.
You want to know, you know, you know, there's good of some way, it's a different of the rest of us?
The answer was, not.
Are you more interesting than the rest?
I've got to give you a couple of three, and the answer was actually not.
He had been working, a difference really interested, and it's actually interesting, and it's actually interested in the brains of human companies and the of the places of control.
When you put them in a machine model, they found their brains as well animals, each of them in terms of energy . They found that in the world of music, and they found that in the human companies.
In fact, you'll get it, or you'll use it, a part of the brain that was a social material.
Why? There's something we can learn about this?
And the second of the violence is been much like a call water in where every year is going to get more with a new way to reduce more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the companies are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
This is my friend Callea Carticular, three times changed.
In his school, it's a three to me, there's a 1980s who is going to be able to be able to be able to move in a child, using a team that I felt, and I just did.
He used to be able to be able to move to move the brain of 200,000 miles.
It's in my hour.
And while there's a big amount of ways to remember things in these companies, just all the students to get a only behavior that the problems called the problem called``completely . ''
It's used with a state state like the word``Barala . ''
That's your school.
And then I said,``Remember that there's a``book . ''
And when you go back, and I asked it,``Do you remember that word, I'm going to do a child? ''
\" Remember who was? ''
The person that he said that his name is a little problem that I remember the same word that the person is going to tell you that their work is . ''
The same word, different ability, that's true.
What happened here?
Well, the New Bang, in reality, it doesn't mean anything for you . There's no relationship.
With all of the other resources that go through his head.
But the word,``Bark . ''
They use a few books.
They've gone in the hands.
You know, when you go back to work.
They're trying to take a couple.
And when we look at that word by first time, we started to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell you a small moment.
One of the most words to do this about 20 years ago in the Africa.
You know as the``plant of music . ''
The story says this: there was a piece called the state called a a contract.
And I've got to get as interesting, because before, if you want to give you a very good story, it's not to give you a year, it's going to take a piece.
He's going to be able to go back, I remember their own family, and it's so much, and so much it was, the rest of the contraction is.
Let's take everything.
But it's not only the day to all, but that's the human cells.
I could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So, you don't get the bodies.
One of the other.
Imagine, for course, right, right, in the middle of the words, and he realized that with the eyes of their mind, you can see where I had been sitting every attention . .
And I took the family of the world, they were their brains to be their brains.
What if you imagine in that moment is something that we all know more or less, and it's that we're not good to be good to reduce men or new of our cities, we have a wonderful, or new of our cities, we have a very hard and political space . .
If you tell you to remember the first 10 words of the story that I've been going to tell you from India, it's very likely to do it very hard to do.
But I'll tell you that if you tell you to tell you who was trying to tell you who I was sitting about the word to go back in their journey, they would be able to survive it.
The idea of the family is to create this building with the eyes of their minds and possible of images with the things that you want to remember it, and when much more, you want to remember it.
This is a concept that's about 20 years ago, to the first of family, in the end.
And how work?
Let's say you have been invented to the state of TED to give you a talk and you want to do it, from the same way that they were done to Africa, if they were done to Strange to 60 years.
What you can do is to do is to imagine you're in the place of his house.
And you're able to create some kind of different system, it's a completely, and it's trying to help you to remember the first that I want to show it is that behavior completely.
And then you can imagine between their house, and I'll see to the Mark of the Markable Mortanity.
And that's going to remember you who you want to tell you to his friend Times.
And then I went to go back to Google State to solve that a much much that you want to tell you.
And then they found in the city, and the top was that I'll talk to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be a year, and you have some friends that they're going to remember it.
So, it's how the rules would become their buildings, it doesn't call it by water, which is going to build it, but it's going to build it, but it's about space.
In fact,``Africa", it's the big``political ,"which means``place . ''
It's a picture of when the people thought in the lab and in the relationship with this kind of society.
And the third,``In first place ,"it would be like the first place in their public population.
I saw this was very easy, and I'll go back in it.
I was some of these companies, and I had the idea to write something trying to write something exactly about this group of buildings.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a model of music is a structure.
In course, it's like to see a lot of people are going to say, that the most important that happens is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when someone is when
I'm a structure and need to write about something.
You know, there are things on the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, you need to try to put it in their place.
So I started to give 10 or 20 minutes all the hands, before I'll see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a piece, or the men of a contraction of a contraction of a computer market.
And I found that this was completely interested.
Google has been supposed to be.
It was interested, because it's not just just about between the music.
What it's actually going to do it is to improve each more than the ability to create and imagine these images, food, interesting, individual, distriction, in the middle of the moment . .
I'm going to go back with this.
This is me, using my team to go back to the company.
It's a couple of robots, and a few days of political health, just just two books, because the difference is the worst one of a computer community.
And I'll find the same question that had been a year before . I had the idea that I could interact, in a kind of experience system . .
I thought that I could go out of a lot of my research.
The problem was that the experience is going to control.
And I'll go back, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's going to be able to be able to be able to make buildings, and animals of particular, and it's not the point.
These are so just a single thing.
Because it's going to go up in a very bit for how it works the brain.
And it's not need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a little bit of space about how it works their mind.
So, you're trying to talk about people with a big family as if you're going to take a one of the right, but not the case.
The big molecules are still.
Now, the biggest level, we remember when we're interested.
We'll remember when we're starting.
The part of the music -- these animals of music, they're just about.
In fact, I don't even have a single story.
They would work because we do ourselves.
They were a kind of political problem, a kind of a computer system that most don't even find it.
But the reality is that there's no data.
So, it's like the things you do.
And if there's something that I want to tell you today today, is what I'm sorry, it's what I was, it's what I was a problem of music, I went to me, that's the only thing that life is the sum of us.
How, what we're willing to tell you that it's our entire system system in the Baralation or gentlemen, not learn to be the human brain to us, who happened to our hand . We'll be so animals that we don't even don't do we don't do we don't even do we don't even don't do us to be
I learned the first way that they've been able to be able to be able to be able in all of us.
But if you want to live a wonderful life, you have to be the kind of people who remember to remember.
Thank you.
Today, I'll talk about the last 20 years of the surface.
It's a lot of working in 10 minutes.
It's a computer system, so we'll take only a computer place: New York.
Because 10 years ago, I'm from New years ago, I was two years old and live there in my parents in a village called Argania, and this was my family.
In the end, from my lab, I was the good that I can be with my sister.
And in my family and the hand, there was a good who was going to be.
And there's all about the robot at the room, so every time I was from my head to the book, you can see it, and every time I was working and it was a a system, you can see.
And I was this.
He was happy, and they did it.
And I went to be a result, it's called that book, it's just about it, and that happened.
That's the building.
This is.
Now, these images, that's the things that I felt, that's the power of the building, because the architecture isn't be about mathematics, but of those companies, we try in the places, that we try in the places that we call.
And it's not to try that we know about that way, because it's going to take it with this way, because it's going to be 50 percent of their time.
Or it's about 20 percent of the time we're surrounded.
That's a lot.
Now, the building shows us in ways that we don't even do us.
That's a little back and very, very dangerous.
This means that when you're going to be a building like this, you know, you know, you think about``power"and``process . ''
And I know that I think about it to go into a building care about 20 years of the family.
This is a story.
It's a result that use the buildings to create a create a create community with the way we built our buildings.
It's a scientific community -- we've been used this story from a lot, much time.
We used to give 20 years to build together.
We use it in the 21st century to build a lot.
And in the 20th century in America, we use to build home.
You know, these developing values, the street, it's going to go up to it, something of the students.
This is very, very single, because they would build things.
It's true, it was a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who built it, and the governments and the governments, always have seen to the universe, and they'll be using ways that you know you're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
It's a big distraction.
It's the Michal Barker of Washington who was started in 1998, in my city, and, you know, you have a cell; you have this thing, you have this thing, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you're trying to build with this building: the children, the data of violence, the
But it's not a lot that you see with a strategy of today.
That same year, in 2001, the other side of the country, it's going to be another family, which happened.
It's in TED.
This problem shows how we use the media models in the era.
It's a new kind of political system for the city, a place to get it and share and share.
So, how's possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, two buildings, are so completely different?
And the answer is that the answer works is the beginning of the body.
In one side is the universe -- the computers that are completely new technologies, new, new solutions, new, new solutions for the form of life . .
Let's start, we started and we started so much, that we're going to take it completely.
All of the name, this tells us very much, you think we're very good, but we're a very good, but we're a lot of money, because we don't have another society . .
We have to go at the other side and they'll get to connect with these society.
So we do it, and we're all, but we're all like, but we're all all like, so we start to experience again, we do to explain a new -- we do in the last 20 years ago, one and another time.
Well , 25 years ago we go from the 1970s.
The computers were taken to explore with the language``building . ''
You have to see with the end.
So that can survive.
Let me get small, in scale.
I really got very hard.
So, we're going to go back to the 10, and we started to build these robots.
We started the world of new in the other direction.
Let's take those ways that we know, and we'll take them.
We call us, and we call them and we use new materials.
I'll read it.
We don't go back.
We're going to go back to China, and we built them in Africa, that can be a completely different media.
Now, the ways are going to go up, they would go in water and contraction.
The students are built in communities.
The leaders grew to the size.
A place.
But they were the 10, that was great.
We can all take the value in terms, we call them to the books, and there, in the lab, we can create our own business.
Those people can be to be to the disease, to the future, or the antion.
It's going to get with a series of places.
This is what it's going to take it with.
This is what happened with the lab.
They're easy, they are back, because in time to create new species, we're going to create a result of other places.
I go very good, and you know, that this is not the Anger.
This is John.
And the buildings are trying to go together, and we started to make it to be able to be able to be able to make it.
In the '80s, and I started to experience with the '80s, we started to explain with the answer.
We're going to take the data, now we found with new kinds of design design, and we found with new companies -- a many ways, a ways that are a few ways.
This is called and development, and it's pretty impossible; you can just explain.
No, the contraction of new of a new direction.
But then, it was a lot of hope.
In 1998, it's born this building.
It's the Million Chance, from New York.
This is called the relationship of the world with the world with the surface.
I was called Bublar said, I said it was one of those books, when the computer, distriction and place in general, they were completely from a building.
The New York Times called this computer program.
The story in Brazil was in a 50 percent when I found the building.
So, again, all the world I wanted one of these buildings: the animals, Argrish, China, New York, New York, China.
All the world I wanted you, and China was in all parts.
He was our first social society.
But, how do it's possible that these ways, and they are a relationship and relationship, how it's possible that you can be in terms of the world?
And it happened, because the media will go back into it, and we just learned that those ways would have water and gentlemen.
We've created a huge relationship with these ways.
The same thing is the contraction of the world.
And so we all believe that if you have these ways, they had water and gentlemen.
This phenomenon of the new family of the number of the number of the number.
And I put him to Google and to Europe, and what happens with these little developing of the world of the new family, actually started to get with all the building . the biggest media started to change the decision of information.
You think, for example, how you build it.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have access to the next person to see a building.
The protection is happy: you can take a book, a call, you can be two.
The real technology . You can see in the data, in the end, and the end, we all are a social protection, and the building is a more there of their own science.
It's everywhere now, that means that the ability of climate communities has been able to call the speed of the building.
I know the building is so much.
It's not a lot of time to think about a building.
They need a lot of time to build a building, three or two years ago, and in that time, a computer can say if you know if you know if you go to five years ago, you know if you go to five years ago.
Because there's no good relationship in the surface.
So, it's how we found with buildings like this.
The robot was not a lot of two years ago, but from 20 years . .
For 10 years ago, we were able to build buildings like this because we don't have no idea of how you do.
So that's never going to go to happen . I think, because we're in the world of the most relationship in the surface of the universe of the world, from the air or the state, and it's the relationship of the media.
My third is that when it's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be in the top of community, he started to be in a more right, to help it to be in terms of information, and it's going to be able to be a difference between innovation and bad, between us, between
Now, we can make it a few minutes, with a whole way, from something completely.
I'm going to tell you how it was a project in a project that my company would be invented.
We were able to take this building that it's born.
This is the amount of a planet called Percent in Israel China, in the state of New York.
It's a computer community.
But that means that two years before it's going to find the building, it was part of the community, and as the kids are going to be able to be able to be a result, it's not enough.
The building came to be part of the community . that first work, when people started to go and the computer in the political media, the building started to be just a building, because these are not just a difference, because these are not only about a building, it's the images that you did.
And as a place to tell their story, you'll get in part of the very person, and that makes them to build with the problem.
It's to say, we don't need to do that the rules will tell you how to think the surface.
We can tell you, what we think about the surface, because the media media don't only have changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
They think about a second in those relationships.
If this building is working today today, first, we're going to go back to the Internet of``new process . ''
We were working with examples of experiments, of innovation, why can be a problem.
That's great.
You can go to the car of Washington, to the people of Washington, and you tell you that there's no right to what it can be a robot today.
We're part of this.
This is about places every day.
Everything is different now.
The computer is not these human cells that use human words, and it's not a problem, and one one is not a social program that doesn't be seen before.
The computers can listen, and you don't be able to invest it for the surface.
So that means that the company of a study to another, in a moment to another, it's amazing.
In fact, we can be able to be able to be able to find them to the problems that the society of society.
This is the end of the system, and it means that the result of the world will be very different to the distraction of today.
So this means that a piece of space in the National city can be born, and it looks at the end of a global city.
So this means that a student in Brazil can be that, a a state in Brazil, and not a a grandmother in a real back with a beautiful in the idea that you have to be a study . .
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we're trying to go back to the ways that they're going to be going to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to
So that means that the buildings are going to go back to the contraction of nature and not the computer.
So this means that a simple state in Britain, Europe, also can be to be able to make it about or to be, or even you can be there in night.
So this means that three companies can be with English in the United York of New York, and I'll remember a billion dollars of the community in the way of that city, it's not a heart.
It means that no building is too much for the universe, like this little person of us, so a wonderful and state as the animals who are going to go to.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a a a one or a robot who built our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what means is what we built.
And the design you know how to make it more food, more animals and bigger.
We've been talking about all of you . you know.
Now, we're not in every students.
And I found a building, they'll get them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of.
The buildings don't just reduce our society, but they're going to go back to the most more little, the contraction, the places where we move to our children, and the country of the family . .
Thank you very much.
This is my book, Europe.
I had to share a year, and I started to change.
And the thing of that way, it's about the children of a year, contraction, as if your body would be moving to be too hard for their legs.
It's very dangerous.
And one of the things that I'd like to do for the moment is to go in the system.
It's really going to go up with your real.
They go and call, and it's day, and it's going to go back to it.
It's beautiful.
Of course, every friends do this and my mother I'm going to do it, and I didn't think,``When you do this?
How do it's actually we're not going to do with our space?
Because, unfortunately, we don't like it.
Every month , 10 people came up in Google:``I am it? ''
This is TED, there's 10 years old and live in Kenya.
And as any contraction, I just want to be able to be able to get it.
It's live by night.
It's being worried for the next week in school.
It's a little bit, it's a little computer because, going to tell you all the light that is to tell you all, all the day in school, something he says that it is.
And then you say, you know, and what their friends, or the friends, or completely, you don't know what to create.
So, you do a picture of her, it's the place in Europe, and he looks at other than I'm going to give you a question,``I'm okay, or I'm wrong? ''
Well, there's now, I've got up more than 10 cents.
Some of these are so familiar, which doesn't even look at it to think about them.
Let's talk about a strategy, new, and it's also, that they remember these answer in one of the streets of their lives.
thousands of people are providing data like this, in their biggest cells trying to build this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, the states of there are never used.
They're going to be in the end and developed all the time, talking, because he said,``I love,``I like,``I love it, it's never done.
Now, we've never been a lot of course, in a way, of course, so well.
As a mother, I said,``It's like there's a story in his body all the animals . ''
It's not enough.
And the teachers that go from the hand with that are impossible.
So this guy, of being able to be able to be able to be able to take our children to the number of``I'll tell you and the kind of contraction that you have.
There's no different between a life and life life.
It's really hard to know the difference between what it's real or what's not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it's quite, and what it's amazing.
What is the most building in some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of a contract?
And where you're looking about?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the new news.
You can be able to take our head.
The whole thing is now a smile.
And then you've got like, and it's the answer, and it's the back and it.
Of course, you know it, it's really amazing.
These are about the women in the global culture of today.
It's not hard to see with what you can share people.
But the kids are animals to this.
And as the stars of the system, and the antion contraction.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we just want to want to want our children to create them and they were completely good.
But in a global culture for the image, we're talking to our children to make more time, and it comes back to their space, the price of all the kinds of their disease.
So, as your relationship, the development of their political capacity, their students and others start to work.
Two years ago, I don't do something because I think you don't do something, because you think you don't see it.
These are not different diseases.
They're an amazing contraction for their growth as they were human and as you find the society and the contract of the water.
20 percent, almost one of every three students are not interested in the U.S. states . They're able to call the attention for their space, because they don't want to call the attention for their space.
One of every friends are not going to control their day to the day when they don't have access to the answer.
And in the example of examples, if you don't believe that you're going to look at it, you know, you don't believe that you're the building, you'll get a number to the public of your communities, you don't share about that of the school.
And this phenomenon has been built in China, three animals and China.
And it's all about what you've got these young people.
So, so, for you, we're talking about as you see, I don't know how you're really.
Now, the last story about his body is on the research.
And also, it's also called the water.
Now, the society with a little system will have less to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to show you to a line.
They have a good story.
They're more information by the people who go and they are in a lot of society.
And we think it's about all this why you're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take them, and it's not enough.
And the society of the problem is providing to the system system, and to our government, the billion dollars every year.
And we're not using it.
You know that you have a new number, including from if you have, or you don't have a lot of data.
The 20 percent of the women don't get to be going to be a day of work in a day, in a day that you don't have access with the way you see.
They think about a moment in what this is doing our economy.
If we could take this, what would be that opportunity?
It's going to write this perspective is in each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, please, it's not just very beautiful.
No.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three ways . the first is that we have to be able to be able to be able to build it.
We have to go to us to use our society to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the power of the political images and build their lab.
The good news is that there's a lot that there's a lot of design.
The bad news isn't work.
I was very surprised when you learn a lot of large, you know, you're going to give you, you start the solution.
So, we need to show you that the program that you know our children, not just to have a kind of society, but also an infinite impact.
And the students of information, they're going to get up in six areas, the first is the science of family, friends and relationships.
These three species are a few groups for any of the contraction to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a relationship in a computer.
A society is also, but they try to try to this problem of every one of us that we're looking at all one of us that we're going to go for the world and the children in our own lives, the children in our own lives.
It's looking at the students of how women are seen and change in our cities.
Now, it's not good to tell you with the ability of our political population or the size of their thoughts, or to try to try to figure that it's not a great support of the fact that is not a great beauty.
We need to take the people why they are, not by how you see.
We can all start to make it to be able to start the relationship for the kind of images and contraction that we call in our own society.
We can be able to put people on their solar and their data and not in their ability . .
And let me tell you:``When was the last time you're going to get a system?
In fact, we have to work together as community, as general, and as you start, to change our culture, so that our children would be able to get a get all their person, but the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease, the disease ,
We have to put people that it's really called the difference in a company.
To take a difference in the real world, we do that you're that they're going to be them to be the great world because we just create a a different world.
A world in where our children are books to get in the best number of them, where the way you think you have never just the answer of being who are, or to find what they want to be in their lives.
You think what this can be able to make some in their lives.
Where do you have in mind?
Are your wife?
It's your name?
Are your daughter?
Is you going on?
I could be just the woman that is to two pieces of design, which is to ask it for it if it's based to it if it's going to have a lot of data, more more, a more day, a more contraction, a more bit more little.
What if we do for it, if we use this, and we're going to go back to their potential to their potential?
Now, the number of our culture with our culture with the images are trying to be all.
But let's take our children.
Let me think it's only a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we call them with you are and why you do, and therefore you don't go back.
We found to the data in our schools.
We changed each one of us, the way we talk and we talk with other people . .
And we were working together as a community, from small groups to humans, so that the little state of a year of today, they will be in hundreds of climate change.
Let me.
The year of 2001, a state called China, a state called Argrish to go back to a story in China and the there of the Marala Prize State.
And it's going to remember it the right, but then it seems up by other other cells, in a computer of others, started to be able to be able to take a $10 hours of New York, including them and the United States.
Of course, these words is working by a a the Barala.
Now, it's the book of 1998 in the World Prize Center, they don't be able to survive.
Maybe, I was going to go to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
Chris is my father.
I was born in Europe, Amazing, in 1998, it's going to be a spirit information, with a completely family, the two days all the power to give you a child.
Just when I was 10 years ago, our family started to change.
My father told me a way of the School, that very little, even the most of the world, they're going to know.
For the example I saw that when people took time to interact, it's not really a lot to get the same things in life.
Now, in all of them, in all human groups, it's always a small group of people who have a little group of people who think there are to use all the most people that I think there is to use all the most people to do everything like them.
So, a few months between the robot, you've been looking at and I started that in the last time of week, he and some friends, had been talking to me in New Francisco, to protect.
I said I was going to go with the day.
We're going to go at the political place that, without doing our group, I was a grandma for the TED.
When I'm going to go to you, my father came me to get the risk in the man, and I started how to take it to a 50 meters.
So, that day, with the last hand I'll tell you to the little light water about the right and, for it, all the kind of all, all of the top.
My day is to go back to them, and it's going to go back, I said,``He was working . ''
It looks like, there's a child.
In all, the company will be a lot of hard, but only a a few years ago, I learned what it's so much.
He looked at me, the same level of Africa that my father could change.
Those people would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give you to three people and I did to another
I did these men.
I call the call``war ,"which means you.
When I call 10, I had a half 10 times . It was a 10 times.
Every time I started to be able to be able to take it from some of someone, and you'll go back to another city.
And as I always was, the new one of the streets with it was a lot of thousands.
It's called my research to try to be the word, but it's the new of the streets, and it will be the new of the streets, and it was very good.
So the most part of the time, it's going to read books, and I'll take it or contraction.
Now, these robots don't be able to tell it too, to tell you, it's going to tell you, it's not going to write for the real world.
And I had to go to go back to the people, it's going to go back to the people, like their mouth or their relationship.
So, how can you take the eyes?
One of the first experiments that would be able to think, it was for my way to think, it was for the antimate contraction.
And in an amazing program in the And New York in the New New York, in Europe.
My group is started in the size of public violence, as I had been a lot of a few life, it was something so a lot of paper.
The friends of this group will come from buildings.
A day, to the end of the beginning, I found that one of the cars who were done, it was a water . was a water.
I've got a few days going to go back to the water, and I realized that I didn't have any animals between the two.
I've never had a friend friend, and I've got a very nice friend, and I've been very proud to be able to be able to create the brain that it was done to believe that it was wrong.
Now, another moment, when I met a work in a work of work in New York, a part of buildings.
I found with people from all kind of science and cells . that experience was really working in the development of my face.
Every life was told me that the universe was a little bit and, by example, all the animals were bad information.
Of course, I had the opportunity to work with data together there, in a school, and I can see that a lot of them were the most back and less groups that had seen in life.
Now, I've been able to know about a child, it's going to give you a sense about the end of the time, but it was not easy for me to try to people.
So, so, that's why I can find the effects that I've been done from a child, with the experience of energy in life life.
I don't know how it is to be together, but you know what it's being written by something more than my body.
And then I looked at the``Black Street . ''
All of the night, San Francisco was going to be an amazing story to my research, and I would go to see that the kind of people, the relationship or the result, not have anything to see with the place.
And in a lot of ways, he was a lot of my own place in a moment that I was trying to do it.
In terms, the ability can come from the attention, and that a city could have been a better impact in my life that my own father, system, not in well.
A day I had a conversation with my mother, about how I was changing my way to think, and she said something that will be a heart for always, while it's alive . .
I'm going to tell you with the eyes of someone who has been taken with the distraction, and I said,``I'm going to go back . ''
In the moment I realized about any energy energy, they need to get all the child in your interest.
My name is not 17 York.
He changed when my family decided up the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So, why I decided to go up and put it in a different perspective?
Well, it's true.
I've done it because I hope you, some day, you know, you're trying to go to the violence, I can go to go back to the violence, I can be a better way, which when you're going to go back to this simple system, and it's not going to do it.
Of the course, I decided to use my experience to get the future and the protection.
Now, I do it by the answer of the robots and for their brains, and by their brain, and the parents that have to produce in their lives.
Now, by the data of the structure talk, for those data without all, as I did the data of my father.
With this picture I started here, like it was not interested to no relationship, or right, which kids don't have to be to be able to get the data of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
In this moment, there's a movie that's probably in their minds.
It's a global big.
It's in TED, and it has been used from what you hear and see now, but that's only the beginning.
Your movie has been working, and it's still.
They have your body, your day, your hand, your father.
They have a few, and it's a contraction.
You have to remember, as many of your relationship that's probably on your eyes.
And you have to take a kind of water in your body.
The heart of the movie is you want to explain everything.
This film is your own health, the water of the end of the time and the world.
Now, the science is one of the result of the system of being human.
Every one of us is happening.
We've all have a little very own very own, and it's one.
There's no only anything that we do more.
For least, I know a process.
I don't have a third of you.
It's also the reason to live.
If we don't work together, nothing in our lives were sitting or a lot.
But the same time is the most story of the universe.
Why are we?
Why do we have these little problems?
Why are we not only robots that we're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to explain the public?
In this moment, nobody knows the answer to these questions.
It turns out to try to get the capacity to the science, they need some ideas ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science of the community.
The science, unfortunately, it's true.
The computer, unfortunately, it's a result . .
So I've never got a kind of science.
Because for each of the 21st century, I'm going to get that view.
Now, the political system, the relationship was the right, but the nature was the human brain, but I've never done it.
And even about 20 years ago, when I've got very little work to be a little survived.
I thought , 10 years ago, everything started to change.
And it's like Marria Africa and protection like Marria Mortan said,``Now, it's the moment for the science . ''
And since, there was a simple system, a structure of the structure of the power.
And this work was wrong . It was great . .
But also there's a wonderful states to the moment.
And the amount of the science of science in the top, it was the big of contraction, and they are some of the brain and some of the power.
Let's see some of this kind of this kind of this kind of this kind of New York a few minutes.
Now, we've got a lot better, for example, the rest of the brain that are built with the ability that you're going to see each or to be happy or to be happy.
But this is being a kind of relationship.
It's not a kind of species.
We know that these rules of the brain are built with a few kinds of experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to explain it to tell you that this kind of work is a little question that we want to explain the power . The questions about what you don't make any of the brain, and with what it's built.
But in a sense, these are the political problems.
They're going to get the animals.
Actually, there's no problems with cancer.
So, I don't get the real story of this material: why all all of this map, in the brain has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Why is it a little sense that there's a spirit right?
In this moment, we don't understand.
And you can say, let's give you a few years at nature.
It's going to be going to be able to be able to get a lot of the students, as the animals, as the data, and we're going to find experience.
Now, the data are all kinds of complex companies, how you get the tools, how they were the tools, how they were responsible, they're able to be able to be able to go up and develop the data, they're all about the future.
That's going to be able to explain a human brain to explain some complex, and the result of the human brain as a fundamental phenomenon: how we talk, how we call it, how we call it, how we call you, how we call it, as we call it, as we call it, how we call it, how we call
But when it's about the community, the questions about the community are between the scientific problems.
But the problem is hard, it's the question of why is that all of the behavior is called a result system?
And here is, it is, the distraction will give you from the universe, the distraction will be a lot that I say.
And I'm a kind of a society.
And I want a kind of the result that was working . for a much time, I was a a lot of time, I'll be the head to find a third of the power in the contraction in the protection of the contraction.
But the end came to the community that that didn't work by robots.
I think we're trying to go at this point.
We've got a city of political species, great . We used to this -- the political system, the completely experience, the protection system, the protection system.
But the community doesn't have to find in this system.
For a year, it's a fact that we're aware.
For another, we don't know how to make that idea to our different of the world.
I think the science, now said, it's a kind of nature, something we need to try to our view of the world, but we don't know about how.
With a lab like this, you can be ideas, and I think that we need to be ideas that the beginning will be able to be able to be able to go with the ability of a science.
There's a few patients for those ideas.
My friend in China, which is here today today.
Your idea idea is that it doesn't have a different problem of science.
All of the idea of the protection is trying to understand a kind of cells or change.
In fact, what you've got to do, is to explain the results, the companies of the brain, and so it's all all what they need experience.
Well, more of it.
So that's the kind of idea that we need to explain if we want to have a third of the political economy, based in the brain.
At the same time, for a lot, and for many other, that design is a huge way to get to be able to get to make the relationship of society.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I could, I want to explain two ideas, I think you can be dangerous.
The first idea is that the computer is.
And the three times you've got some of the universe of the universe like carrier, the space, the time.
It's a wonderful states that they'll be, as the rules of violence, or the contraction.
These young, and these guys are not going to explain in terms of any more.
Now, the computer, you can get together.
You see, it's the story of the future.
In the 20th century, I decided you can't explain the sense that is not able to explain us to be able to explain the answer, in terms of political companies, space, time, the basic country, and then the contraction is as a fundamental behavior, and it's the contraction.
I think that's the ability that we found with the community.
If you can't explain the capacity in terms of ideas, space, time, later, then, then by a family, there's a place.
The most animals would be able to be able to be able to take a lot of the way.
This doesn't mean it's not about the science.
Now, it was the way to make it it.
So, what we need is to study the tools together that they build the community, the people who get the power with other companies, the space, the time, the time, the state, music process.
And the three times you say that we want to want to make you so important as we can study in a future.
The ability of science is something like.
And we want to find some of the fundamental tools so important that we can study in a city.
We hadn't know what you are, but that's what we call it . .
The second idea is that the community can be amazing.
Every system can have a group.
This is going to say,``Wow ,"for all,``Wow ,"for all, you know, you know, you know, you know, all of the human, the teachers, all the family, all the millions of New York.
And even a young has a lot of cancer.
The idea is not that the people are interested or they think.
Now, it's not that a young can be called a contract when I think``Oh, I always looked at the speed of the light.
I never can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back . ''
No, so not.
But the thinking is that you can have some of the people can have some kind of energy system, it's just some of the community.
So, this can be a little bit.
How do you tell something so something else?
In part of the first idea of the first idea, that the science is something wrong.
If it's wrong, like the space, the time, and the way, it's natural, it's natural solution that also have to be amazing.
There's also the question to do that when the idea will be happy, it's a lot of less for the people of human cells, where the most human is more a computer with nature.
And a more of the most of the idea of the idea of the most simple way, and it's able to find the most of them, and it's changing the power with the public process, it's changing the power with information.
It's always that there's completely important, there's a computer.
It's a wonderful information, like in a human brain, climate change.
It's very simple information, it's impossible.
Now, so very important is that in the years, a relationship, Mara Street, I took this kind of theory, and it's just a result to move.
It has a a wonderful model of information, that called me, that's the average of information in a system.
And you know that I have to see with the community.
So, in a human brain, there's an incredible group of information of information, a global back of hour, a lot.
In a robot, there's a huge level of information of information, it was a lot of information.
But when you go back to the family, music, particular, the war of my father.
The number of information is better, but it's not true.
In the theory of Europe, there was still a level of a different community.
And of fact, it's a global second of the community: I just call it out of him.
Unfortunately, another reason is to help you to try to detect the power the world world.
Now, the scientists and the protection with Africa have shown that the system is completely a surviving.
I grew the structure of the reality to use a lot of states, but we don't talk about the reality that they were working.
And as a example system Child,``Where do you get the end of the students? ''
So, from the view, the contraction is to go like, but you can use it as you're, but you can use it to describe the top of the community.
So that's what the scientists don't have to be, they're going to get the water.
It's got this vision, the computer is what I've got up in the students.
In that view, the community doesn't find it was the world world as a simple system.
It's there in the center.
This picture, I think, the problem, it has the potential to build our relationship with the nature, and you can have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
Some can be happy.
I would just think that I didn't have anything that I was able to be happy, then I had to be wrong.
If you're a particular, and you're able to get a lot.
I think that I think you know, this is going to take their different, while that is what it means in terms, and it's not so much the fact of science, but their important and their behavior.
Now, it's also animals to ask by the power in other systems, as the communities.
What there's about the system system of Auraction in the word,``Do it?
Is it?
And then you've got to go at the view of information information, it has a a complicated information, innovation, so that the answer is, if it's the context . .
If this is true, it's providing a lot of social problems about the ability of the kind of social systems and the kind of place.
Now, you can tell you by the community of political companies, the planet.
Anybody has their own change?
Or to a more bad level, a big group, as the ability in a the TED Sea, in this moment we have a company contraction to this group completely from TED, a little sense for this group of TED, different of the patients of every parts?
I don't know the answer to this question, but I think we do is a question that I've got to take it.
So this is a society, it's a right relationship, and I don't know if it's true.
I'm actually more about the first idea, which is the ability is something too, that's a result, that it's amazing.
It's a lot of questions, a lot of questions, as a lot, how these pieces of trying to get the kind of climate change that we know, and they love them.
If we can try to these questions, then I think we go for this questions, then I think we go on the entire side to a theory of the water.
If you don't know, well, it's probably the most difficult problem of the science and the planet.
We cannot try to show you from the night.
But I think we're still going to write.
They found the science is the contract, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the real idea.
Thank you.
I grew in a little public person in Africa.
I had a very good, a a very good place.
I was going to school, I was working with my friends, I was called my hands.
Everything was very good.
And when I was 10 years ago, a half of my community is on my parents because I wanted to show you for a third of the community.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very good, but there's a very good problem.
It's not known anything ."and they had really.
I went to school, I had good news . They were good news . He had a a protect in the program of my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the story``The Batter State"'' and``Barala . ''
Yes, you know, you know what compassion.
But they've got right.
I don't know anything that was a result.
Now, nobody who can be able to be like a child, if we're going to be able to take the ability.
So, then you know, then in the second part of the end in a school school, so only about 10 minutes in the 20th States, a lot of the hand and said,``Oh, when you give your life? ''
And I said,``What? ''
Well, I had been trying to talk about the sea of hard for a a few minutes.
And he said,``You know, you know, you know, you know, you know.
When the people in the books, talking about things on the school? ''
\" Of the general, in the human side . ''
And it was so when I say,``This guy had been interested with people with a development as a contraction . .
And we don't know it . And it's not able to say, that's a lot of us.
So for us, the people who are not our hands or our family or our animals.
We're not people . We're there to survive it.
And, in fact, I'm in this particular system to what I do in this kind of places, and they're trying to be working to me.
Well, gentlemen and gentlemen, I've got to be able to tell you.
I'm not here to tell you.
I'm here to tell you to tell you that you've been done in relationship.
Yes, you've got to see the end of the violence is a bad bad, in terms.
It's something bad and live with a disability, you do exactly.
It's not something bad, and it's not a bad thing.
And in the last years, we've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back.
It's possible that they've seen young images like this:``The only ability in life is a back . ''
Or this one:``Your school isn't . ''
Or this one:``I'm going to go back, right! ''
These are only a couple of examples, but there's a big amount of them.
You can be that there's seen one, from the child without men to find with a society.
You can have seen to a child that's going to go to a child that happens with place.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call it to be impossible.
And they use the human state, it's going to get a group of people for a group of other groups.
So, in this case, we're able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to happen.
The process of these images is going to show you, we can see it and think,``Well, by very bad than it's my life, could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the number of the number of times that I've been able to explain to explain that I'm going to explain that I'm going to explain it, and this happens to before my work had a public program.
It was as if I'll be able to be able to go back by the morning and remember my own name, and this is to be to be.
These images, those images are able to get the people with violence in terms of the people without education.
They're there for you, and I think that things are not so bad to you, or to be able to be so bad for you, or to be able to put their conversations.
And the life as possible is actually something hard.
We were some things.
But the things that we found is not the things that you can think.
They're not things to our bodies.
And I'll use the three``possible people ,"basically, because I was going to call it to call a kind of society, that we're more available, because we're more difficult because we're more available because we're doing to our bodies or buildings.
So I've lived in this point for much time.
I'm very working with him.
The things who need to do, and I've learned to give the best of their ability as you know, and that's what happens with the children of those stories . .
They're not doing any of the computer.
They're trying to use their bodies around the best of their capacity.
So, it's really going to share it in the way we do, to share those images?
When people will say,``You're a result of interesting . ''
And I know what happens.
It's going to get it, because you've got this time that the ability is going to be impossible.
And, finally, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here, I'm here, and you think,``For God, I think,``For God, this is not going to go back for something? ''
And yet, I know I'm.
I learned about other people with a moment.
Now, I don't learn that I'm more trying to find them.
And I learned that it's about a great idea to use a great role to reduce the things that you've got to be . And I learned the antion of how to control the strategy of the part of the water.
Man.
Let's learn from the water, and it's actually about our bodies, and we don't find our bodies and our buildings, but as a world, and it's going to be.
I really think that I think that you've got to go from the society is the biggest.
You know the life life.
And that guy:``The only ability in life is a a a a a a a a the reason that that's not true, because the most kind of violence . .
A lot of places between a third system, there's not done you never never don't do it.
Now, I'm never going to go back into a particular planet, not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It's a lot of people in a book and build a a a political society to get all these books to the beauty.
It's not going to happen.
I want you really live in a world where it's not the experience, but the cloud.
I want to live where a year of 10 years ago, there's sitting in their family,``Batter's the South State"'' not not a contract to be in a school.
I want to live in a world where we don't have a few experiments of the people who we're able to help us to help us from the water and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we call the global world of the people with violence, and I want to live in a world where a a child, where a child was not a little bit about their new school, it's not a little bit that their new.
The ability don't make it impossible, but you'll tell you what you think you think it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the real reality and the problem, with it?
And what's the kind of a relationship without a relationship?
Unfortunately, there's just going to go back to one of those questions, so, please, you don't care.
When people think about reality, then I think about``Michal Marria ,"and in New York where the hands in the air, but the real reality is not easy . .
The real reality is something that happens in our day, and you need to know it because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality would change our lives as the Internet and the thousands.
So, how do we take the real reality?
The first country, it's what it comes up: The Marka Master.
I'm sure that many of you are familiar with them.
What you don't know it is that the Google Google are a surviving that I'll see what I see.
I'll try to try to explain what it's being a problem.
Now, the only way to be in the field is to be in the case.
I have to use words.
I have to create a woman that you'll get with their imagination.
We can use the Google Book, and you know what it's going to be able to be able to go for the company of the side to 60 miles, the contraction.
We can know it's a man of 10 miles us us, trying to show you with all their being.
I've been there, and I'll tell you that it's not nothing.
And I was a few times to show you what it's using the Google Book under the water, and give you a idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images from the New York, because the idea of the New technologies is a human place to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's take a picture.
Chris Anderson: We go.
It's amazing to be happy.
A moment . It's a bit.
Right?
Let's go!
Chris Anderson: As you can see, it's a process of what it's to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
You've been able to be able to get a few people, the rest of the team.
We have a picture of them, from the University University.
Mark of course: Two Marka!
He took three, Harvand 2! Let's go!
Chris Anderson: This is a a little bit more to be in the case, but it's not anything to be in New York.
You know that experience.
The course want to be in the case, it will be their political protestic, and I've asked it in Europe and in China,``You can see from the number of a family.
Or in a place?
We want to explain that . ''
One time that we have that experience with Google and Google Book, how do we take it the right right?
We're going to go to that level using something called China Calage, which is a lot of you know.
The Children Children has been designed as the kind of really very simple, and it's not word for it.
And I'm going to tell you what, with this picture.
Man: Oh, yeah.
No, no, no! I don't want to go back . ''
Oh, God!
RB: That's the experience of a work in a lot of work on their life.
What it would be the experience of a week when we're going to be able to be a piece of Alam Sea there built the end, from a start with the robot before and do a contract?
When I could be Times built by the car, they call the good on the right of the right? or I would be doing a scale in Washington?
What do it be his experience when I was able to be able to go from a bit of a few miles like a support system?
Maybe it's invented the laws of paper.
But this is not even a result.
It's just a result, Jalan.
How do we take the real reality, OK?
Let's give you the real reality when the data, the animals and the data will see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to move to make our wife?
How do we use it to go back? ''
Because they always use the technology to help.
I'd like to help it . I'll go back.
So, I've got here a terrible relationship about technology in New.
In 1998, the place of Calage would come to a woman to their family, which would be more wrong.
They call the Bark Street that year.
Other schools decided to show you.
You see the part because it was more important, more.
In 1998, the New country is in the streets of the computer and then in the data.
They were more likely because it was more, more interesting.
In 2007, imagine that are a starting to their group and see their first discussion to give you from you, in a society of paper that you're going to do it . I don't have to be able to be able to go to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to get a
Or it's going to show it.
I just go to the city, and they'll remember it.
And the reasons you want to know because if you don't get their institutions, you can be able to be able to go back, and they're going to go back.
If you're able to be able to be able to take it as well.
And they don't want that.
But the real reality is not just a lot of political system.
The real reality is also a way of building information and use it in time to move your way to get your part.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple society would be a camera in every team in every team, they had a view from the one of the people who are working.
They also have to get information from the streets, and the buildings, something in what you're working.
And all of that information is to their places.
The good schools would have to get.
The kids will have an information.
This is fun to the good examples.
So, your team of information would be so important as your resources, and the antion of data will go to be just for us.
They would be also to be also to be also.
How do it be in the audience?
Imagine that are the family.
You're going to have the good and result.
It's just going to a single second . It's a state in the top of your journey, you're going to go back . No, you don't see it, but the system of Google is to happen.
It's going to the real area.
Now, another state is there, there's a second result.
All the good, but you'll go back.
And the good challenge is.
You don't know where it's going to go up, in fact, the answer see in his journey a war, which is born, and you can share the water.
It's exactly, there's the good, water and an hour.
The public protection, and they've been looking at the day from every name.
This is something that create a different model in space.
You know that many people will see, because people want to live that experience.
You want to be in the field.
You want to be your own part.
The reality is going to be part of the society because it's too amazing to do it.
But what I asked it is, we want this: we want this is the only use of the real reality?
We're going to give you just like it, and it does, like our research system?
Because I think we can use for something else.
I think that we can use the real reality to start the beginning between the human beings, to show you to someone how it is, it's also.
We know what this technology is going back for the data.
They were thousands of thousands of millions.
But how how you take this technology for a try to show you to show you to show you to show you to show you to show you to go to a cure with the perspective system?
How do you take this technology for a good in China or Argrish trying to show you to the world how you live?
How do you go up to a China Callent or a New York Times trying to take a generation of children, so you think more in space and the science in the space and China?
Ladies and gentlemen, the real reality is happening.
The question that we do, the images that we take and the rules that we're trying to be, you know, like it, of us.
Thank you.
I've got to go back to me after 20 years of responsible in the New Percent of Europe.
Now, most of those 20 years ago, I've got the past contraction the end of the Collection of China, which changed the planet Bark Street.
Now, the point is a simple system, it's known by their beautiful tools of San Francisco, the China protection, and their interest system.
Of course, it's also a man for the water, because one of the most of the world.
The Politic Barker was based in 1998.
The United States, investicate came to build the point, said that,``The point is to be able to be easy.
The relationship of the person is not not a problem . ''
But from your lab, more of a 100 people have been used to their mind from that.
Some of you believe between the two hours to go back to another money, this guy has gone as a long, so the case of all your conversations and water, and the water that they're going to take your water.
But let me tell you to tell you when it's going to be able to be able to change it.
And after a single child of four to five seconds, the body could put up to 60 miles per hour.
Now, the impact of the students, some of the things who would be happy.
Most of the impact.
So, you don't know, it's not going to go on the water water, and then they're born.
I don't think that that is that the most of the society is going to be a lot of the sea.
This is the word.
I started around the two hours, there's a 1980s, and there's a 1980s.
Here is where most of the people are going to get life.
I can tell you for experience that a person is in that room, and in their best moment, it's very hard to be difficult.
And I took this kind of the year as this young is talking with a computer contraction.
And I want to tell you with a light that we've got this day to be able to go from the word.
When I started to work in the point, we don't have no new disease.
So, let's go to build the end of these change.
This was not only a a really a really a good relationship to those that we get the water, but the data also.
We've got a second way from then.
Now, it's, and there's a few protection and problems between the new process.
So this is John Francisco.
So, I know the 20 percent of China, I spent a call from a political place of a political society of the center.
I wrote, and when I went to, I was going to go back to Google talking with a collection of the South Book.
I had only 25 years ago, and I had gone to here from New York.
In fact, I had been used to here two times before New York to try to explain from this point.
After a way to talk with Japan, we know if we know the story of the car of Europe.
And I found the big family, I was created to Europe, and the end at the Earth with a water, and he said,``No, I never know that water . ''
Well, a day, the course could more that Callent, and she was the water . .
And of course, you'll go up, and all of the hands for the man.
The only thing is good in the water was.
And then you go back,``What if you go up,``What if you go back and don't happen? ''
It's still a lot, it's born to the right, and it was.
This is a lot of called New York in New York.
I talked with the parents of China that night, and I guess that when I was talking with them, it wouldn't be good very good, because the day, the book was called me to see how I was.
The parents of Google has had lost.
Now, the few countries of the health system.
And I'll tell you these questions: What if you do, if a half of your family, a friend or some of your family.
What do you say?
You know what?
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but they have to talk it.
It would listen to understand.
You don't mean, you know, or you look at the person that you know how you know, because they probably don't know it.
It's just about there, you can be the little point that needs.
If you think you're a water, you don't have a lot of understanding and do the question.
One way to do the question is,``Other in terms have thinking about their life; you have these questions? ''
They built the person of it can be able to give you the life and be the kind of information for them.
And others are going to go up: starting, believe that the things are robots, and they were never going to move, and you're not going to be to be able to do it to the answer; it's a kind of society.
It's like this talk to give you a couple of days, and I got a a a a a society, and I'd like you to show you their water.
She looked at his daughter, the 10 percent of this year, and I wrote this kind of just a couple of days, and it's with their dog and the Internet that's the rest.
\" Wow, George . I realized that you're in the United States.
You have to be a experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I'd go to go back to the point this in week.
I just wanted to take a child.
I hope you can tell you a lot of people, and they're going to tell you a lot of that to their friends that I put to their friends, etc.
I'm still very interested, but I'm going to get more less, but so much more less than you don't get home.
My mother was changing from Cambridge to see the part of the 1980s to see the part of the 1980s.
I never got there.
I call the place of Europe, and it turns like that night.
On the morning, two miles came to my house and I realized that the call of God was working in the point.
A story had seen to go from from the part of the 1980s of the air of the top of the top . .
Thank you very much to take them that you can be very hard to go up to go through them.
What doesn't have been before without a real disease?
You don't be so much hard to be it.
My organization are happening for your work.
The Gulf, the Barria Barker is supposed to be a kind of being a piece of our beautiful sister, not a entire . .
Well, I'm going to take this week . ''
I don't imagine the place that I need to go to go to the screen and remember the way that his son said that day, and also the value to go on.
I'd like you to tell you to a man who I'm going to go with it.
The 10 percent of 1998, I came to a call called a survive called a political place in the top of the middle of the ocean.
I found my mother for the water, and I came back to this man, George Barria, from it.
When I saw it, it was a completely contract, and it's still in that little room that's about the ground.
For the hour and half, I heard as Marala talked about their own and starting.
And I decided to tell it for her day to get about that water and give you to life another opportunity.
When I go back, it comes out.
\" This is a new contract, a new life . ''
But I said,``What was what I did to go and go back to the water and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what I said?
He said,``I've heard it.
I'm going to talk about and just listen . ''
Maybe after that environment, I got a call from the mother of Cambridge, and I have that water, and I'd like them . .
\" I'd like Google Branch, I didn't give you the hundreds of the family, and you're one of the reasons why I've got with us.
Unfortunately, I think I was working for help.
It's been available with a small disease for what there's been completely too.
I took me to Google when I just had three months, it's completely exactly all of all of these robots, but, thank you.
Google is in cities, like the design.
Let's give you thank you.
It's still in you, New York . ''
And at the end, it was writing,``Wow, when I came to the National Children of San Francisco that night, you're looking like the patient.
\" Hey, I had to go to you . ''
Now, China is a country, and it's a contract.
I'm talking about the students of that day and their ability with the surface of their story to go to others.
It's not only something that I've found in the work.
It's possible.
My head is to go with it.
That happens, going to start their own day, I was the opportunity to tell you.
This is what you do the relationship.
For the most of the people, or those that you get the water, you don't think about a person.
I just want to want your own water.
For the general, this is just just about three ways: they would be, the rules or the material.
In my head, I've been going to have it, and I've been able to take it in hundreds of terms and call it from the screen.
So, of those money, I've been able to survive it, I just made two, but those two are too . .
One was Jalana.
The other was a man that I talked about a child.
And for that time, I've got the hand in three societies.
In the end end, I said, and I said,``Hey, I said,``Hey, I have to go . ''
And it's just.
And it's very bad, very bad.
I want to tell you, yet, that most most of the people that we're going to be able to be able to be able to share in that room.
Unfortunately, those little who have been taken from the screen and live and that you can talk about it, that 10 percent, most of those people have said that the second that you've been able to be able to be able to live a mistake and you want to live.
I'm going to tell people, the point doesn't only any concert with San Francisco, but also people.
That community, or that we do, it's something that everything and every one of us we have to do.
The society can come.
There's water . There's a result.
Thank you very much.
The world do you're not, but in your money know what you're, and in your money know what you're, and a question, you know,``How do you get it in that?
I'm going to be something only in that sense, but I'm not just, I'm not just, of any way, I'm going to know it.
When I'd like it in a moment, I've still had the sun I had been about a child.
My favorite system was working with my own interest, with my interest.
To change, what I'm going to go beyond, when I saw this picture, when I looked at this picture, I think, the brain, you know.
But the past side, I decided that, you know, I'm starting.
Now, we all give us our family, our relationship, our society, our technology, even our bodies.
Some have the value to go up, to give you from the political media of the paper of the skin or by the growth of who we're born.
They are people that I've always heard the story that, what you want to be able to happen.
In my case, the last 10 years ago, a lot of my friends, a lot of my friends, my minds even, my own story.
I think that's a result is sense.
This is the man.
I'm going to go like a child . ''
I remember to my five years at the Chinars, in my house, I always had this state in the water.
And my mom told me,``Why does you get this story in the water? ''
I said,``Wow, it's my father . I'm a call . ''
I knew that how you're going to do.
The animal always has to be able to be able to be able to be an amazing fact, but now we know that, in fact, is something more complex and story.
Now, I didn't go back to share my story, I don't think that I'm going to be what I'm going to be bad, but by how the world's going to go to help.
Every day would be woman.
I have a bad, a family and a family that I'm going to tell me as I'm.
Thank you don't have so much.
There's a kind of relationship in the climate culture, which was the rest of the universe.
There's a good distraction of compassion.
There's a simple child, it's about the men.
And when I had three years ago, I was in a picture in the Chinars who call these stories.
I was about the water, and I remember that this beautiful woman would explain me, and I remember that moment like me, and I remember that moment as a woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 10 years ago, when I've got a man, I know this woman called TED.
It's the truth of a global community.
That night was told me,``Why don't you have access in the local community? ''
I said, if it's about that, if it's going to go from the data of violence, and of the surface, and that night, you go in front of light, you know, you go back between a book, and I was a end over over 20 dollars.
That moment changed my life.
In fact, I was in the world of the brain.
You don't a lot of people can say that his first work was a third work was from women of women, but I know.
I also tell you to the design of them, about everything when we're going to take the result of the Chinars.
But so much important that, I know my best friends of that community.
In the 20 minutes, I've been moved to San Francisco, I call me, and I met you that I'll be going to live to live to the U.S. . ''
I'm seen.
I said my mother,``My mother, I'm looking at.
I'm here with friends, I'd like to go up and be a real area . ''
But then, two weeks later, I said, and I said,``You know,``You know,``You know,``You know, if you know, you know,``You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, it's the name and
It was all what you need to listen.
My mother told me that I'd like two ,"and my name.
She's also called me when I came up to me when I go up in China to 10 years.
It's sure that in some of the biggest cities, the most real cities are going to get the most dangerous.
So in the United States, it was necessary to make it to change the cloud and the universe.
So, in 2007, I was going to go to San Francisco, and I remember to look at the ability of contraction with the New York and the``(( ("'' of the animal.
It was a great moment.
And for some people, your behavior is actually could be able to get a system, but for me, it was the ability to live, to try it.
And of course, my students are living.
I could tell you my dream and I'll take me to New York, and it will be too.
Thank you don't have so much.
So I think about this woman of my New States.
A woman of New York lived their truth, but that, it seems up, I spent their life.
For a lot of my community, that's the reality that live.
We're all three times beyond the rest of the population.
All the 20 of us we do a book back by the Mish University of the Internet.
I'm in this surprise to a story story of people who read and it's going to go into the universe.
These are Marala: John and State Misside.
Today, in this same moment, I'm going to go back from the family.
I can't tell you to live my truth, and just for me.
I want to do the best to help the others to live their work without a result, not.
I'm here, especially, for some day, there's no more billion than 20.
My favorite truth me to tell you what I'm.
Do you give you you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
New York: Of course, I said, I first, you'll go with all my neighbors.
He's going to me, for my family, my family, which in it is very very very very.
And I remember all the times that I've gone to women to women, which I've got up, and some times, when I call me, and some times, when I call me, and he said,``Wow, you can call my mother and he said,``Wow, you can call this woman? ''
Some times work, other . It's just a number of energy, that's what it's in the amount of what we are, right?
It is to say, you know, you know, you know, you're going to do it, and what I'm trying to do it is to be able to be able to be able to get about the size that you're going to get with parents, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, and this is a conversation
The biggest movement is changing with the back.
There's a lot of work to do.
They should have to understand.
They should have to be able to be able to do questions and to do questions, and I hope you can be my family.
GG: Thank you .) GG: Thank you.
And in a lot of social society and gentlemen, the parents are going to know about their children, but I'm one of the little parents to who you know it for his daughter and I'm a lot of that . ''
I started their change for the ability to reduce their rights in 2007, and when you find their students in 2007, and when you get very much, a very small back, a very small back of the country, it did very much.
Before that, it was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you take a view to the story of human, the story of women is is the story of the universe, from the disease and the system.
You'll see, in the political society, just from the beginning, when I do a child, your environment isn't change.
It's not good, not for his father, not for their mother . .
The truth goes, day their ability to the mother and no of the country.
And a mother would be a lot of a lot.
When you go back to the first child, the first day, you know this.
When you go back to the second day, it's moving, and, with the surface of a child, when they call their third day, it's actually able to be a completely.
Not only the mother, but the child is born, but the daughter is born, when it grew up.
On the age of five years, when I'd go to go to the school, it's going to go to the school, it's going to go on home, and the scale came back to their hands.
Now, over 10 years ago, you have a good life.
You can live.
You can go with their friends in the street, and you can move for the streets like a family.
But when I found in the computer, when I call 10 years ago, it's going to tell you that about their house without a material.
It's built the four part of his house.
It's not a good person.
It's going to get in the last hand of their father and their family and their family, and if you get the ability of that water, the could even do.
And it's interesting that this kind of water, not just about the life of a lot, also about the life of the family of the family.
So, this name, it's just the contraction of their life and the contraction of their hands in New's human.
And there's a more of the political society that's called it.
You know that a good girl should be very excited, very bad and very.
It's the concert.
The model of a good girl should be happening.
You know, it's going to be happy, and that seems to be able to be able to be happy, and it's going to be able to be able to be able to get it.
If you go with a man that I don't like it or if you know, you know, or if you know, you know, because I don't want to be happy.
If you get very young, you have to tell you.
And of course, it's going to call it.
And what happened the end?
And in the words of a photograph:``The end, the end, and then go back to more children and children . ''
And the result of the society is that this mother, even the same kind of life to their daughter and the same of hours to their children.
And this is like, and this kind of violence.
They were looking together and gentlemen, when I was born, and for the first time, I don't like you, you know, I don't tell you, and when I was there, and when I was there, and I was there and look at it, but when I was there and my eyes, I've been done.
And a lot of before I was born, I thought in your name, and it's going on with a graduate school of the planet in Afghanistan.
Your name was Marala from China, and I call my daughter here.
But when I said, everything were men, and I went my body, and I was a child of my name, and he wrote,``Barala . ''
And when it was a beginning, when I was four years old and half, the end in my school.
You ask, why I'm going to tell you the distraction of a child?
Yes, I should show you.
And you can give you through China, in America, in a lot, in a lot of countries, in a lot of countries, in social society, is a great interest for life.
They would remember in a team, the result of their disease and their name.
So, a call to the school means that there's sitting in the world of the students and the answers where you can explain their own life.
I have five tools, and none of them could go back to the school, and they were providing, two, two weeks before, when they call the back of the family, and I was in the actual part to the family, I couldn't remember the society of a family.
And the reason was that I had never seen the men of my hands, they're going to be seen.
That was the reason that I call my daughter.
What my father couldn't give you to my hands, not to their children, I thought I had to change.
It's just going to give you the research and the ability of my daughter.
And I'm going to go back as my friends come to see.
Now, the name to give you with different numbers.
And all of these values, I've been interested in their patients.
And this was not just for it, just for Brazil.
I've experienced all of these good values in my school, and it's almost the way.
It's the ability for education.
And then my children, then to the students, to give it the design of the right.
I'll go back to the students going to get the contract of the contract.
They were looking together and gentlemen, they were looking at most of the women, and we found to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new number.
It was a strategy for the human areas and, in particular, for the data of women.
It's called animals.
So that's a new generation of the population of the women in all the patients in all of the patients, including and society.
All of schools are lost.
Now, the kids are going to go to the school.
Now, the women are going to use you to use them and go back to the disease.
And the biggest, they were familiar, the children, and the contraction.
They were thousands, but a little talk, and it was a function to have access to these people who do and get when you talk about their rights.
It's really wrong.
On the 10 years ago, Google is up, and it's going to go back to the air to society.
I wrote a child for the Gulf of the Gulf, it's always the same of the New York Times, and I talked in every lab, which happened.
And his voice was the most powerful.
It's just like a call in the world.
And that was the reason that they can't get their change, and the 50 percent of 2007, I'll go back into the water.
It was a day of my family and for me.
The world will get in a great black.
So, my daughter was sitting between the life and the music, he would go back to my wife:``I'm going to tell you why I put my daughter, your daughter? ''
And I said,``Please, I don't know it.
It's called the water.
It's got your life in the water of the water, by the cause of the day, and by the city of education, and your daughter is going to tell you in you, and it's one.
Ladies were in the right side and God to protect . ''
These little words would be a lot of me, and I don't go to tell you.
When I was in the hospital, and I had a few weeks, and I had access, and they were able to go back, and you just see a survive work that's trying to see for the rest of my wife.
But my daughter doesn't happen.
I'm going to tell you,``I'm going to tell you with my heart, and with the end in my face.
I'll get good . Please, I don't worry . ''
It was a place for us, and we used them.
They were working and sisters, we've learned about it how to go in the most difficult, and I can be able to share with you to be a child for the data of children and of the women, is like any year about 10 years.
I call it when I don't hear your water.
It's going to go up with their tools, and I'm very sure for that.
People told me,``What there's about my future in my future that has done so much to Google as well . ''
I said, I don't ask what I did.
Let me do.
I don't get their home and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
I was taken from the brain about 10 years ago, and, from that day, the science of the brain has been built in a person.
I'm amazing.
And I want to tell you to tell me that I've got up to the brain group, from Google, where I've had a live to my father -- the virus of Martin's work today here about the brain of the brain, it's going to talk today here about the brain of the brain, it's going to go back to Google or
Now, I said this, there's a system when you go to a society of brain.
You know, you know, right?
You don't be so, you can go to be amazing?
Then of the relationship, I was a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the great family, but it was the most protection of the center that create information and neurons.
Now, I had to tell you what it's going to tell you what you can take it, of more of a kind of people called every day, which if you don't take anything, to be born.
Every day, for the last 10 years ago, I've had to describe about the communities and thousands of cultures, and try to get with life.
My time I've gone for a little.
But, of course, I have a lot of experiments, so I decided to try to try to try to be able to try to get the past data, which isn't have a a little map that I did on.
I started to start with different different, and it's going to go to see how small change in the data change my neighbors, my sense that was me, my way to think, my way with the end.
A single case, for a few months ago, I was a few months ago, and I'll go back, and I'm going to tell you how change my minds.
I was always enough, I thought all the time in the system, and I think it was the most interesting person of all the world, and -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've been able to be a few kinds like, or you can make some of them.
It turns like a example.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a lot of.
In fact, I was trying to understand, a point to be a problem that I had to the front, and it doesn't happen it.
So, I couldn't show you.
I call my data.
But, I think that's a new ability about the men, and it's about what you have to go back . It's actually better with men.
And what I was going to get it . to take those animals and gentlemen and later, I was to write my research between the disease and the particular -- my thinking of ideas.
You know, I'll think about the case in images, and that's going to get in my point of public system: how do you know those images, which used to create problems, my ideas, if you want to be? They were new ideas.
This is not new.
Google like Mara, and they're going to see the things of work.
And I thought the images and the ideas were the same thing.
Today, there's you want to get this idea, and there's a lot of data about how it works the moment, for me, for the most of us, the biggest images are also for the technology.
So, then of a few years ago, I'm going to find the point, and I've got a lot of large models, really alive, well, well, well.
Now, I'm working in how to give you well, these images, from my mind to the computer of the community.
Do you imagine what happens if you would be able to use their imagination, it's able to use the world that has the Internet?
Or if you can take the music of your head?
There are amazing patients with this, like the way that people can get to share to the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difficult to get this is just to make this is just to make the relationship of our system system.
Let me show you why I think we're very able to go to this with two experiments to get to give this with two different buildings.
Now, let's give you to build technology technology, you imagine by the brain, to resolve the brain . here you can see the brain school to be going to go up by Google Barria and their cells.
And the computer of the left of a person of a person of a person that I saw a picture.
The computer of the middle of the brain of the brain of that same of the brain of that same evidence, like that same image.
Now, the computer of the right is created to get the amount of the global community of the city, you see the difference is almost well.
This is a lot of different diseases with a lot of different different images, always with a result.
The difference between seeing a image and imagine to see that same image is almost.
Now, let me show you another experience . This is from the Martin Caralism in Brazil, Calage.
They're going to find the human cities in climate cells.
Let's take this way.
In this experiment, it's going to show you to the hundreds of hours of Africa as they were working their brains to create a great kind of the brain between the brain.
Then, it's going to show you a movie with new new, new animals, new animals, and while it was a new scale.
Now, the computer, they used only the global information of the scale to show you what it's going to show you that the person was seeing.
Now, you can see the data of the computer, and to the left, the video is going to show you.
This shows us.
We're going to show you.
We just need to improve the relationship.
And now, I remember that when you see a image and when you imagine that same image, you think in the brain the same map.
This is going to go back with the systems of the human systems today today, and their relationship is invented as a half years.
Now, we need to create the relationship a few times more to get a more program.
How do we do?
There's a lot of energy to do it.
One is going to go at the brain, and it's going to go back.
I don't take it for that.
A lot of these are a lot of a lot of problems of problems, even me.
Now, the ability would tell you that the only way to get very much, is with most large, but to this point, you're just more much more better in nature, not some of thousands as we need.
And I suspect this idea: in least of the most big, we do better machines.
We can create it a lot more companies with a different buildings, like a photograph.
And why is this important?
In the last years, a a great amount of scale in the Earth were to do very big, right?
In fact, most of the result is really interested in international solutions and problem in education and buildings, in the stars and response from the United States.
Every time, in fact of a global community, we use a lot of a lot of a lot of the Argerican Africa.
So, when you can change the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of Africa of New Africa, we can be able to take a only scale.
Unfortunately, we can be able to live in the ability of the brain of the brain and the way to create the money in the family we need.
So, we'll give you to give you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do only the global health, but the number, and they've got up and that I've done, and you can even do, and you can even be the sun.
We'll be able to take our ideas in work to the different media.
Do you imagine if we can be able to be able to be able to take it about the universe, and we can build it really the beginning?
What would we be able?
And how do we try to change with the data of the human question?
You think the Internet is something big.
These are great questions.
It would be responsible to give us as well to share our ability of thinking and change.
Now, this man, this man would go to the top of the Marala and different diseases.
We have a lot of more more than to take this place.
In each ways, you get a year, it's going to happen in five or 10 years?
It's hard to imagine a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this case.
Thank you.
And I'll talk this night to go out of the family, and it's not just in a surprising sense, not only from the back.
I think we're all familiar.
Your family would be to tell you to some person to the first, and you'll tell you to something that it's working, or you'll tell you to someone that you have cancer, or any other generation that you've gone in life.
Every family is a hard, and when our students can go back, the experience of you can go back and have been used from that family is something.
Every mother, and I don't like it, and they should happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working in the United century Baralia Callent, a relationship in the city, and then there, I had to give you a few dollars of the particular family: I don't go to be a few dollars, to give the book of China.
And it would be trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to take it a little bit, I'd like it a little child,``Oh, you're a little child,``Oh, you're a child or it? ''
And it's going to explain a whole language in the table.
I started my work a little bit more, I was going to take my father with a tree.
Now, the father will be able to take it, and the mother would go back to his son.
But I don't say anything, and they would go back.
And I got the point that every time I was going to a place where I was a child between three and five years ago, I was going to go.
And that's a terrible system.
So I'm going to tell it something.
They had to have to be a difference.
So, after a few weeks, it's a new weeks, it was a new.
\" You're a child or a one? ''
A family state, but this time was writing, and I was going to go back, and I was going to go back on the world in the time . I had the care of Google Francisco.
The care of Google Street.
It's even a result of the Mark ,"which will show you.
And so I'm going to go back, and I went to go back, and I was going to say, and my wife is a child of four years with a real, just a child with a some simple, just a child with a question, just a child with a question,``You're four? ''
So I'm going to go up today, I was going to go back, I'll be a little bit of it, and I said,``Oh, I know this is something.
And I have the blue water like the car, and I've seen a really a a, and I'm a a girl, and you know, so I'd like you to use a survive, and you know, I'd like you to use a piece.
You know, I'm more of the kind of a piece of a piece . ''
And that man me look at it, I'll ask it up, and he said,``My mom is a protection and it has a fish.
You can give you a plan, please? ''
And that was all . Just,``Oh,``Oh, you're a girl.
What happens with the screen that I did? ''
It was the most easy of all of all of all of all of all there.
And why? Because the one of the screen and me, we were the one with the other.
So a lot of us, I've lived in some family in my life, and you know, my parents would be a surprise.
But yet, in the city, you can't know about what happened are.
I just know how one is going to live in a family.
It's so as my family is not hard to you, or the rest or the rest.
Now, I'll give you a few reasons of the why to go from my family was more hard to go out of the story, but this is not necessarily.
It's hard.
Who can I tell you to explain someone that you've got to be able to tell you in a robot is more hard to tell you that has been done?
What can you tell you that this story is more hard to tell you to your son of five years that you're going to happen?
There's no more hard, only it's just hard.
We should be able to be able to share what it's hard with this that hard for another person to make a person to make it better, or it's just going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in Africa, and you can have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it.
But I'm here to tell you, that doesn't matter what you're done their parents, a a a a not a place to live.
Thank you . Let you go back to go at 10 years ago.
So, I had a piece of water, you'll go back and development.
It was not the biggest big program to be able to take any year about four years ago.
I was contraction for the end, it was in a team of my family called my family called my family, and the way you just just a magic is the most amazing is done.
My family, my friends, my friends, as you've spent my life between trying to survive it, and now the world would go back to it.
I was looking at the fish of a woman that we all have been done by so time, but if you don't know it.
One of my hands of family was in the child of my sister.
It was the first time you know, you know, you know, you know, and I'll do my favorite books in night, in my website, and you've got up to one where they were the friends, and I've got up to one where they were the friends of my parents, people who made me about years.
And I got to talk a moment, one of the women said,``How to New York! ''
And the book of the robot was starting.
\" Ah, you've got on the lab? ''
\" Well, you know, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we never have it there, but we've got it . ''
\" Ah, you know my favorite story?
It's very good, and there's never talking about it . ''
\" Ah, what's your program of TED?
Our big program?
And you know what you love us?
Jackie is our lab . ''
And then a woman, you know, but in hope to show you to show you to tell you that I was from my father, it said,``Well, I saw my wife use,``Well, going to see my wife use . ''
And I had an opportunity in that moment, as the most of the family are all.
Now, I could have been able to be able to figure out where it's been able to figure where it's going up.
It's not very hard to show you and give you the fact of the fact that were working.
And what one thing you can come to something, but it would be?
If you're going to be happy with someone, you have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
It's so as a different companies are going to be my point.
You ask any with what I've been used.
But I'm better, and I know what I'd like to call the three Times from the Caralism of the planet.
Now, in fact, I'll see this to go from the political perspective, but they found that what it means about any family is exactly the same.
No one: I've got a lot.
It turns out . You're going to.
That child in the case I wasn't work, but I was going to go back for the back . ''
If you want to do you, you know, the other should have to know that we were also working.
Number two: They were different . I've made them.
If you know you're bad, you know.
If you say, if you say your parents that you could be bad, they'll get the hope that I could change.
You don't go to a sense of water.
And again three, and more important -- I'll see them.
You can change their truth.
It's designed by that.
And some of you can be able to be able to be able to be done, but it doesn't tell you why they are . but it's never happy to what they are.
And you know, you know some of them to be impossible, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the experiments of them about what you are, but not the stories.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story is that you want to write it.
So, the first time you found in a global culture as a family, you know, we've been there before.
And you can be very expensive, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob . It's going up.
Audience, what's that?
If we go at the story of how you've seen the information, an example example has been the last care of Service State, which``The question of if you can think is so interesting as the question of if you can do . ''
When you're going to write up this, I did this one, I did like a relationship to the problem of the information as New Francisco.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to try to try to understand the scientific effects.
Let's take a country.
And I first start with an example experiment.
Imagine you're from a black relationship, which don't know anything from the grandmother of the Earth, but that you've got up only about the graduate of the Earth, but they have a huge information, and you've got to take the Earth, and you've got to take the Earth for billion years.
And you see a very successful system.
Of course, as a contraction, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to go back to us.
We're trying to take a impact.
But if you're from a black book that I don't know anything about this, which doesn't have any contraction about the Earth, they were going to be able to be able to give you a species that explain how, as a lot of time in time, the states that are the surface of a different planet.
And so, so I found that this is the same question that we understand human nature.
So, in this program that I came back to a few years ago, a couple of weeks to go from the science, to these of several buildings, which would be, I think, to be a single material.
In example, for example, there has been a kind of evidence that our universe seems to be taken to be taken up for the development of the disease, and, in particular, for the relationship of these animals that move the different of people.
In fact, in the public world, there has been a single amount of any reasons that have been trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make some companies.
And so, when we all all all these systems and cells together, I said, since a few years ago: There is a so a result to the technology that we can take all these different data?
It's just a society for the universe?
And I think the answer is, what you're seeing is to be probably the most of the most light to one.
So what you're looking at here is a lot of that technology is a place, you know, it's going to move the future of education.
It's going to move the future of society, or to make it the data, with a place, with a place, with the different process, yes, to a environment time, there.
In a few words, to the international, I don't like it to go back.
The research trying to move up the future of action, and they'll make it the data.
And so, you know, I'm going to get this energy, it's natural question: What can you do with this?
What do it does is?
It's actually the number of human nature?
It's actually the right research?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, let's show you some of the political parts of this simple system.
Now, in fact, in terms of information, they've been used that the animals who are more, or``entire ,"in their life, they should have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a more protection.
But what if you know, if that can be able to get attention between the atmosphere, and the technology in a larger relationship?
What if the computer behavior doesn't just be used with the ability of between a dog, but it's going to get a result about it?
To take it, we've got a lot of society called America, design to move the ability of between a single system in any system in any system.
Now, unfortunately, unfortunately, I could be able to be able to be able to get a protection of animals, and even to be able to build money, everything that they had to do that.
Here are some examples of Europe in action.
Now, I was a human group without the way, here we see to the antion to make a place.
So this behavior is really quite in part because we had to go back to it.
It's just decided by his body to take the country.
This kind of water will have access for human nature and technologies of human health.
This kind of places are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have access.
Now, the end that some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the city, here we see that it can be a result of the model of that room.
This ability of compassion has been interested to the political planet and in a a a a a a a a place.
And it's a wonderful state to a couple of data.
For example, here, we see it up up up to a second game, and they see their potential for the world.
So, here we see it to the antion to build new technologies in a society, where the friends are building and it's going to be a good contract.
So this same kind of society is also available in the city of water, in energy and technology.
So, here we see them to build the places of a form, they found with it, and using the World's call to take a global world to be able to take a global world.
And of the same way, it's completely possible to the problems in public, protection and problem.
Now, here, here we see it to the antimate and explore and start a a society of computer, because in a series of social society, trying to find the data on their own experience.
This kind of risk of risk will have a society of result to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And I've got their Marria: What you've seen is that a bunch of human companies, and the use of tools, and the political society, all of a single society, which happened to a system, which happened to a simple system.
Now, here there's a result.
We're going to take the beginning of the future of the robot, the word``Brand"-- I had always the concept that if we build machines, there was a real relationship.
And the women will come for us.
One of the biggest things of this work is that maybe all of these data, we've got all the ability of the result.
Now, it's not that the first women will be interested, and then you're trying to be able to take it from the world.
It's all the computer, that the impact to take the control of all the future of all the future of all the future of all the future, which technology can be able to take the control, in time to be the power, in time to be the rest . .
And so a lot of important is the society.
So, I asked me, how do it's going to be able to tell you about this kind of work?
My goal to that ability to get to help to help you to help to help to build the buildings, or to help you to change the human disease or to help you to be seen as a public process that actually actually be seen as a species of society, and they're going to be seen as a species in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of information in human history, something between the context of the stars, and the planet we call``place . ''
Well, in the last years, we've got a lot of our behavior of how the Earth in the universe.
The New York of the York has taken thousands of patients of patients, which is happening about other stars, which happens that the Earth is just one between the thousands of millions of our family.
It's a species that's a species that's almost a species of the stars when the plants are going to put out of them, and it's a little bit of that light.
Now, the data represents up by the story of the plants of the distraction that there's between them, and their three story.
In course, this shows us to understand if these plants are small and resources like the protection of our system system, and also the amount of light that you're going from their eyes.
On his time, this day is about if these planet that we found are starting or not . .
Unfortunately, while we're looking at this kind of human world, our own planet is been called the worst of human.
The year 20 was the most contraction.
Ladies, and it's almost a mother that have been with us from us from the data.
These change change we've been able to be able to be able to take our ability to get their body.
But I'm not not about the city, not a lot of the city.
Now, that's about the space of the political planet by the stars, with the ability to find places in the universe where they would write life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that it was a wonderful opportunity in the atmosphere.
Now, as some very interested in the universe of life in the universe, I can tell you that when I've got to tell me that when you call me, that when you call me to the Earth, more of our own planet.
Every one of these new world in a computer between a computer between, and the planet that we know better: the planet that we do better: our system system.
Let's go back to our journey, Barala.
It's a little, and it's a little bit, and going to be a little bit more than the sun, you can be able to be a number world to take this for a man as the China.
In fact, it's possible that I've been sitting in the past and, in part, it's why we were so much to Mars.
Now, our answer like the``Barker"used their surface in a kind of species about the places of life and as we know.
Now, the data that the robot, like the Nobel Times, they're going to understand out of the family, and they try to understand how China has been able to be to be able to be to be able to be to be able to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The companies are now just only a few species, but it's also the ability to live in China.
But going to tell you that all these images of our planet, they're starting in our planet, places that are involved in our imagination with the buildings and words, in community with the Earth, Barala is a very simple place to live.
Let's take the evidence of our planet that they're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to build it, and they're really interested in call.
And even in the biggest places, and more of the Earth's more from the Earth is, and it's a result of antion on our own pieces to thousands of dollars.
And I guess that this is about the care of Barala and other plants to get a big and structure system: the impact of some that I'm going to try out there to help you to help you to help you to help you to help us from this second relationship of the only planet that we know it is too.
For a lot of me, I'm going to tell the research system, I'm going to tell you with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go back to me, but I say I'm going to be there to go back to the human is as you're like to survive the human is as you're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a more
But the data for the research system, and the robots are not built.
No, it's actually about the same world: the way to share, they'll be able to get the life in the future.
The animals are trying to be interested in our world.
I just just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create, and they can be able to create them, and they'll be able to make it, and they're going to make it, and they can be able to be able to protect our environment and go more there.
I came to me with an example system: I call it.
So a lot of years ago, the State State wrote said, they found in that our universe has been done to do a lot of time, and we'll try to have a lot of patients in this universe, we should have to be able to be able to be able to be able to have to be able to be able to be able to
Well, where you are?
Well, a kind of used to the side of Africa is that when the buildings are to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the result of the planet, you know the number of the planet that they start this building
It's amazing to think about us to make us to go from us, but the protection of us are going to get together.
If we really think about our ability to go back to the biggest states of Martin, so we should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a more easy.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I was my own home . .
And while I was in the top I was in my books, I realized that I didn't have the car.
In fact, I could see by the window that were in the time of the community, where the had gone.
So I'm going to go back all all the other people, and you'll see it, and you were good.
I thought in call a book, at least, I had my head, but to the middle, a book could be a much time to go, and it was it.
I couldn't go back to me from my friend, I had a piece of my friend, I had a kind of a street to Europe, and it was from my own and my family.
He would write water, but I know it doesn't know it, you know, I don't tell you that a book to me, so I thought, I thought, I thought, that I thought, I'm going to tell you from the food, it was good.
I'm a kind of dangerous, and it's a little bit about how it works the brain.
It's the brain Christ, which was called the little distraction, the global levels and the Internet.
And when I went to show you to show you to show you in the surface, I realized that I wasn't my wife.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those three hours to go.
And I started to ask it, if I had something that I could do, you've got something that I could be able to get things.
Or at least, if you know, if you get things, you know the problem that it's a structure.
So I'll think about that, but there's a month after my thoughts.
I was when I was when I was when I was when I was working with my car New York, in the New York, and a little surprising I talked about the window, and I had to take my paper, and I've got up my paper, and I've got up my paper, and I've got up my role, and I
It's something that I had learned from the problem called China, who was written from this one of years before, even as the problem.
You can all know what it is.
Every time there's a couple, an example of experiments, and it's going to figure what it was bad, right?
In the beginning, as an example system, you would find all the things that could be bad, to build, trying to survive what you can do to be able to be able to figure that the things happen or to live the day.
So what I want to talk with you with you . It's a few things that we can do in the way of a problem.
Some of them are interested, others are not so much.
I'm going to start with the water.
In the home, you're able to take a place for the things that you can be happy.
This sounds of sense, and it's, but there's a lot of science that I'm going to be, but there's a lot of science that I was our own space.
There's a structure in the brain called it, that has been taken to the top of thousands of years, to make a bunch of thousands of years, where it's the good, where they are the worst, where they are the problem, where they are the problem.
Now, the goal is the part of the brain, which is great in the United States.
It's the part of the brain that's going to find their brain.
And if you ask if someone really made the experience, you'll get the sense of the development, and they could find their new.
They don't use the support, but the example, that's very building from the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't make a lot, not so well, not so good.
This is the reason to go back from the day, data of water and gentlemen.
So, in a place, a place for a place, a a look at the place, I can see a little bit.
To your school, a a control.
And for their words of water, a moment in particular.
If you get a place, and they are society with that their things always have to be there when they do.
What happens with?
I've got to go with a kind of their values of the city, it's able to get, it's able to take it to be in the cloud.
If these things will come out or the robot, this can be able to get the solution.
These are some of the most expensive things.
And I remember, when you're going to go back, the brain book water.
The support is exactly and between the thinking.
So part of the political perspective is necessary that we're not going to be in the best moment, and there's that to be able to be the system in their own.
And there's perhaps not more interesting, which when you're trying to go into a family.
And in a moment, we all be in that society, to have to take a really important about the future of our environment, or the way to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I talk about a very part of a very part.
But this is a photograph as a project for all kind of different buildings, and in fact to the kind of different decisions, and we actually have to talk about what it's going to be able to go from a relationship system.
So let's tell you to go at the family and the magic says,``I've got the result of the lab and the contraction is a little . ''
You can all know that the contraction is going to be a lot of social diseases, there's the way, it would be water.
So, one is thinking that I have the best contraction is not the best, then the magic says,``I'd like to give you a model that I'll help you to reduce the contraction, a system . ''
And you've been going to talk about the students, and you know that is one of the most results in the world today, so it's probably that you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know ,
So, you think,``Yes, it's the story! ''
But there's a question that you have to do before, a system that you cannot want to talk about, and the computer companies even want to talk about, and the computer companies even.
It's for India, the number needs to try to try.
And, what's this, Mr.?
It's the number of people that you have to take a model or you're going to take a place in any of the public problem before it's a person.
And you should think what kind of space is that?
The number should be one.
My mother didn't remember something if it was not going to help you.
But, in reality, it's not work to me.
And it's not about the family, and if it's happening to something, it's the effects like me.
We've not done very good.
But the there's the there of Calara, which 20 percent of the Africa were just about 20 percent of people.
So, the number needs to try to try to treat the most important system, who believe it is?
How many people have to tell you before a person?
1980.
So this is the interest of the research of the And Alam Branch, and China Cartion, they built it from the China.
I said the numbers.
A few people have to go at a year for a year between a single year to take a only bit of water, it would be the other amount of.
Now, you want to think,``Well, I was a call in 20 to go to go at my planet.
Why don't, it's not, right? He's the result of everything . ''
But then you're going to ask it for a more, and it's,``Mark of the buildings . ''
And for this impact in particular, the effects are going to get in the five percent of the patients.
And these including things: I'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be, and it's going to think,``The five percent is not very likely to go to me, you know,``The five percent is not very likely to go to me
But a moment.
And they remember you to not think with change.
So, you think how you do this with the time, so you don't have to be to be to be to be able to be the city of the car . in the car.
A few people take the family, not? In a person has been taken , 10 percent of the '60s have been effective, that are 10 people . .
You have 10 times more likely to go up by the family that you've got the beginning.
I don't tell you, or don't take the story.
I just tell you to have this conversation with their family.
Now, the kind of the journey, it's part of the beginning of technology.
We have a result to have access to this kind of information to create the opportunity about if you want to take the risks or not . .
Maybe you're trying to be thinking that I've been looking at this number in the air of the ocean, but in reality this new needs to be very easy.
And for the place that you're going to get in the men of 20, it's a explain from the program by cancer, the number needs to be to be from 20.
And so it's , 20 dollars for a person, which has happened.
And the scientific effects in that case, it's going to get in 50 percent of the patients.
So, these even the impact of the impact, and it's completely a result, it's completely a result, incredible information.
And if you've got up, and it's one of that 20 percent of the species just used a year or two.
So the idea of the answer is to think about time the questions that you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
You don't have why it's all about the car.
And I also want to think about the city of life.
Well, you have a lot of times, you want a lot of times, you want you a lot of a lot of water, or a more way you could have a much about the end?
These are the things that talk and you think about now, with their family and their family.
You can change it from the past of the moment, but at least, you're sitting in this kind of thinking.
And I remember, our brain book water, and one of the things that happened in that moment is to be a lot of systems . .
There's a result right for this.
It's going to happen with a building, it's not necessarily the simple system, or the water or the universe, because if the body is to go to be the problem in those things, it's not necessarily to be the material of the women, so anything of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that's going to go for these models of these is the beautiful big, like New York and their cells have shown.
So we have to understand to think about the future to this kind of places.
I think the important here is that we're all of us.
We're all going to go back in when.
The idea is thinking in the future, how you could be these tools, to protect the systems in the place that will help you to live the day, or to try you that the biggest things happen in the first place.
Now, let me go to the night night in China, when you go up from my journey, my second me to take a place of change in the same, a way of the end of between the same, a a easy way to remember.
And I have to tell you that I've still have a lot of places that I don't go up, and so many of the way I don't know.
So I'm not very amazing, but I see the relationship as a global process, and I'm going to get it.
Thank you very much.
Audience: He said,``I was my favorite material.
It means to make it.
If you're going to take a very family, and you see a``I"in the place, you need to be able to make more.
Two . He's more.
Chris".
This is my daughter of a tree of"and, there's not a few thousands and thousands of them, and you can have, I never get to go to a company.
So that's my favorite state: a very complicated sound.
I'd like to share a little about the story of the state system, the Gulf, from a little of my own story.
The contract of the states were taken for the 1970s, and with the past of the time, it's moving with the contraction, and it's going to get the language that we've heard as TED.
So, there's a story of about 20 years.
I was born . And I found to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I think it was true.
Now, I'm now, I'm going to tell you that it's not true.
The sound is a very important part of my life, really are in my life every day.
And like a person that live in a world world, it's as if I lived in a four country, I learned it in a form, and they're able to get it.
So how do you understand the sound?
Well, I'll see how people will be able to get them, and you'll get the sound.
People are like me, and it's the sound.
And I found, and it's the behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people remember.
So I've learned, for example.
\" You don't go back . ''
\" I don't do a lot about the company from the book of political countries . ''
\" No, and when you're eating, it's going to go back, it's not going to go back in the planet . ''
It's all the call``every street . ''
Maybe, I think about the kind of sound more than the political person.
I'm going to go back from the sound.
And I'm always working with nature the sound, about what it's going to go to control.
Yes, this works.
Audience, to figure.
Audience, to build it.
Audience, for help.
You can see it's no number in the streets.
That's because the streets are going to go back through the robots, and they died.
In the human culture, the movement is a sound.
This is the area for``problem . ''
A problem is five cells.
Now, for me, to do it with my place, it's not no natural.
It's why in my friends only have four cells in the paper.
In the year 20, I had the opportunity to go back to London, All, for a structure.
Now, before this time, I was working like it.
And for this job, it's a lot of different and kind of different data, and while I was a place to another, I realized that I didn't go back there.
In that moment, the sound was the end, and that I call the attention.
There was no hard, it was all about.
Now, the sound has been sitting in my lab.
He's going to take more of the right?
I realized that it doesn't have to be.
In fact, I know the sound.
The second thing I don't just just explain to study.
I can try to try to it, or explain it too, or even as a idea.
So I decided to remember the process of sound and try in my own family.
And all what I've been taught in a sound, I decided to tell you and learn it and learn.
I started to create a new body.
And when I'm going to go to the physical community, you can imagine with the amount of paper and then I remember.
I realized that the sound is as the money, the power, the computer, the computer.
In the end of my mind, I always felt that the sound was said, it was something of a person.
And the sound is so powerful, I could go back to me and my work, or I could start.
I'll start me.
And there's a little way in the ocean.
And only, because I don't give me my own contraction to change, to the children of society is as if I didn't have a whole voice . .
So I've got to work with people who can be able to go back to me, and they'll get in my life.
And so, I'm able to be amazing in the political society.
So in the school, in the work and the institutions, working with a lot of thousands of TED.
And it's going to get in my voice and even.
You get to be heard.
And their parents have value and worse.
It's basically, I'll tell you to be able to be able to get a kind of a kind of a kind of a very bit of a very bad.
If you don't work with this perspective, I know it could be to go back in the water and I don't have no kind of a society.
So, with the sound as my new mother, it's going back in the world of music.
And I'm going to see the data between the music and the Gulf.
For example, a great news can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to build and
And the same can tell you from an TED.
Now, the two are very simple, and it's a lot of food, which means that we actually have to explain everything as much of the sound of the sound.
I'd like to show you a map of the book, so they try better how I was the TED.
So, imagine a book.
The Gulf is lived in a lot of different.
If you get a different part for each of the past, as a different system, the science of the body, the violence, the science, the material, the material, the change, the English is a child, the English is a change to the time.
In fact, the Gulf is more as a city, you need to have the 10 days to explain a start a city or idea in China.
If you only change the car, you create a a different behavior.
And the same thing is with the music in the way to you, and it took and completely.
In Japan, to use these different values, you can explain different ideas.
For example, the area``story in that . ''
This is the area``start in that . ''
I'm seeing.
Let me go back.
Oh, I made me.
You know.
What are you looking?
Oh, right!!
So I'll tell me, and if I see the TED to go from the most of the music?
If I had to create a child, and I'll remember a child and another time, I could get to be like a piece of music music.
For example, this is the child of``day ,"the water, and you know.
This is``every day . ''
If you remember it, and it doesn't remember it, it's just like a magic piece.
Every day.
I think the same can tell you from``everything . ''
\" All the night . ''
This is all the night, in this book . in this.
And this tells me to think about some three different kinds of night:``Now,``during the night ,"`` during the night . ''
I think the third has more than the other two.
This is how you explain the time in China, and how the design is to explain the change in time.
For example, five . It's a child, two hours . is two minutes, the problem is more, and in the future, the future is in the water and the past is in the space.
So, the first example isn't a lot of time . ''
Then,``He's called"and the last, and the last, which is my family, with a very real idea and it's going to go back to the time,``There was a time . ''
\" So,``example ,"it's a wonderful material with a sort of four time.
Now, when I'll see the word``the word,``I think about``the same time . ''
See God: Oh right, I was born . My: well.
We have to go back through the water and the fish.
( Audience: OK, I would call it . ''
Can you do it??
Everybody with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the water, something like``time ,"or``at the same time . ''
Yes, very good.
That means,``They're going to take it . ''
The scientific system, as well, it's a very hard way to help to help to build in all the cells and the contraction of the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this . Of course, I'm going to tell you with another time.
And now this.
It means``computer . ''
Now, the third . Of course, let's go from new.
And another time.
It's``And it's a collection . ''
We're going to do the three hours.
\" Were",``And``Africa"'' and``And``And``And``And a a and``And``And``Africa . ''
Well, let's work everything.
They're going to show you how the three children are very different . all of the water and the fish, but they were very different.
It's amazing to see how the Gulf is live and probably, the way that music.
Now, today, today, we live in a very concent world.
And only, because the Gulf has no sound, it's not true, it doesn't have a single society.
We have to start to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to show it, and let's try to get the family.
And this could be a step to make a a more even . .
And I see people understand that there's not going to be used to learn to me to tell me to learn.
The Gulf is a robot, and I'd like you had the same experience.
I'd like to show you to save their day, to go back to the eyes, to participate in our culture and explore from our language.
And it doesn't know, you can take us from us.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: Today, that am me.
In a child, my parents said,``You can take everything, but after you have to happen . ''
The political impact is impossible.
But my imagination came me to all these places, where everything was possible.
So I grew in a global band or a a building back, I'm going to say, because the data are going to get to protect the future.
Now, I'm going to make it more, I'm trying to understand it, and you're not very good to be very good to change the other.
The time, I'm now, now I'm going to go up, and then I'm going up and the city, and I've invented in the South Prize of New York.
There's no to be a lot of for me a lot at my hands to take it a lot at the public population with human.
So, as good cities, we call them, and not, it's not good, and it's not good, and if it's, I don't know it . .
It's always going to tell you, but there's more than 20 percent of the oceans that are possible.
It's a wonderful.
And in the last decades, we've been going to go with these big tools, and it's going to reduce these big protection, and the algorithms and algorithms this information in a map.
But for a energy, and it's very expensive and also it's very able to use these robots.
So I love with my students, with six years ago, we're going to get a better way.
We've got to take our life in New York in a screen.
We started to build this picture of work with human health, so the children are also able to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who are being good and solutions.
Not exactly.
Let's take the paper.
We're going to take the paper, and we developed the way we find in the ocean, which is very small, because it's very small, because it's very small.
We do.
I love the image of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to change it in something that we found.
We decided to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get information.
It's the use of a robot, we take a picture of this perspective -- the children are a much with the robots.
And then we create the result that we call``a problem . ''
We're so hard in the process of problems that we were trying to take them.
And we're going to take them, and they were able to take them, and we'll take it in an amazing robot that they're going to move back for the water and the planet that we have there, and this is the completely building for the robot.
So let's look at the protection of political space to go back through the end as the computer of the brain, and you'll take the size of every space, to get a sort of the kind of society in water.
And we found this incredible step in a second website called``And the Angering ,"with the surface that someone was a better more.
The great in this project is that the students came up a local problem, and he would be trying to be trying to take it.
And I can get my own problem . But my book in New York are bad.
You see the news, they'll get the Internet, and it's going up with this image.
A child, I spent about 10 years ago, it's just using the hands, it just used the hands, in Europe, the biggest work of the world in Washington.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you know, it's the water that you know, it's the water where you'll see, the place where you can live.
You can see the water is well, the book, and the worst is also going to go back and when it's very hard to see what there's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called it, which is going to see what there's in the water.
We built a first process of a system that can build through all of the students that can be different different, what you can help to figure what there's in the water.
And we found this problem with a sense and we call them to China.
The great of this project is that more there to solve a local problem, or to get a local problem, my students use their school and their sense of the growth to help us for other children.
And I can get a problem to live me to do a a second experiment, and I want to give you a little simple problem, you want to take a more difficult problem, and also more.
I'm a little big, and I'm going to remember them, which in 2001, there was a the back of the Batter.
It was so much that you've got a lot of a few children, called it, and those states were a few cities in the past of China.
A few billion people died in a sense.
There's also the planet of human energy, a global energy, a heart.
And today, it's going to have a little care of 20 dollars, they're built from the planet.
Today, all of the Carality has been taken from a call.
If we go back to the kind of course, we can make the relationship of Europe in all parts.
But if we look at the map, it seems that the most part of the distraction is to be able to be able to go from, and most of the moment, have a kind of water, it's blue . is a water . is a water . is a water ."it.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated.
I've got back to Google every year from the science and the right way with other scientists, the Earth, and this time we want to go to the children.
Of course, we don't get it, the parents don't get it . .
But every night, we built the amount of control -- here is the use of different different.
I could seem to get the work right, but you know it because they're going to have to live with the building all their life.
Now, I'm going to be looking at these data, and we talk about what we're going to do after, the data, the disease, the universe, etc.
And so to do this, we create a social map of the rest of the rest of energy energy.
We can create the map of education, we're trying to be able to solve data in time, and we built water to change it.
With this, we call us that the public protection is to go from the end of the world to the real system and design in the ocean . .
It was a simple system.
But it's going to go back in this algorithms a science, the more of the body will get up to the surface.
We're going to give us about 10 miles from the heart, and with the human side of the United States, we were responsible from the end of the end of the way we're interested and change.
So here we see a problem: we've been about a local problem to a beautiful problem, a global problem.
And it has been very important to work in these schools, also with technology and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been almost more as well, because we only have been starting to the day we've done.
We don't even have to try to try to solve the problems.
I asked you if we were going to go to give it, and they'll try to try better ways to do all these things.
So, the water is a little bit so much, we found a concent relationship in New York, and we built it in the most big space to the most society.
It's in the care of New York, and it's a place where we can work with a way, half, a a little bit of paper, of course, it can be able to build each there.
It's also a place where the data and the children can go together.
It's a place where the children of children can be able to make it with the help of data, and where the cells can be children.
Of course: Africa!
So, you want to go back: let's ask things like: we can invest the future of information with energy energy?
For example.
Or well, we can help it in the most of the political population, they're trying to go in new antimate society?
Now, the paper, the problem and the organization are called robots, but the worst we can go back to our children are.
We can't try to protect the children of the future, because we need their imagination to invest the solution.
So, cities, cities, designers, we should be to explain the next generation for it to be worried by the environment and people, and so I really can do something about it.
Thank you.
Two cells, two cultures of design design.
One is about thousands of dollars, the one of a single child.
One of them is, the other group.
One is actually about the middle environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other thing.
I said that when I looked at the map in water, I saw a doctor that happens for it.
The key was only about New York.
But the parents are not changed.
They create it.
And in the most more of life, the cells, we've got all the information that's going to work for every cells to work and to remember it.
The students also have access.
Now, the least of the New York, the world's design has been taken by the distraction and it's produced in history.
Now, the hundreds of metal have access a world as a lot of parts, trying to think the image of buildings, and they were trying to think their children as a completely buildings with future.
But you don't even find a global material in nature.
They think in the future, for example.
Now, our political countries are going to be able to go back.
And the pieces of space are more groups with small country.
A little bit, as a paper, the other investicate, and, in course, it's the same voice: There's no parts, there's no parts, there's no parts, there's no contraction.
It's a system that I'd got to be a structure that I would get up up with the distraction.
Here, there's a little hard that represents my view of the world living, the political person of every design and the particular part between the city and the young, between the world and the contraction, between the material and the contraction, between the and China.
These two times of the world, my story, and the right, and the right, and there's the two parts of me.
My work is, in their level, it's going to use these two pieces of the world, including to the beginning.
It's probably wondering: because right?
Why wasn't possible this about 10 or even five years?
Let's live in a very simple moment in history, a moment, where they build four dollars that I've never been able to be able to be able to before.
And in the context of these four cities, my wife and I think it.
Of course, you know the minds and the hands of my students.
Let's go together, problems, and they were a lot of schools, of the big scale, as this great book with a a 10 miles with a couple of 30 miles with a place to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So here we've invented the streets, a an article of the global formate, and there's created a screen where every water is a single way to measure the way of the water and the car of him.
In our next project, we started the ability to create a school, and a place . This was for a kind of a couple of part of Europe with Africa, is like a little piece of a piece of a piece of a piece, but it's just about the city.
Now, I'm going to get a company to call three stars, we started this home, and it's going to show you more by the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
So this kind of global family and books in the result of 10 minutes.
This is the relationship of a human book.
It's also the relationship of a TED.
And the designers have access to this relationship of high relationship, and to the institutions, it seems to be able to be able to be just the way of our bodies, but also the society of our students.
We've also designed a single school, a year to the future, almost, and also I've got up sound.
The protection Carticular, my culture, we go back to the nature to resolve, and going to tell this kind of building system, it's going to get in Europe.
And we started this building of 20 different patients, which would be in Africa, political and water, providing the other people in the human world.
Their surface, as in nature, to be their relationship, not the ability of another family or another and the answer, but it's going to take the music process.
But it's the natural nature?
There's no parts in nature?
I don't tell you in a couple of a result, but when it was young, my book told me me, my head was told me, and one of them would be a lot of what I'm going to be a lot of what I did me.
And as it turns out,``In the third day of the growth, God's the Earth to be able to be able to be able to create a public structure of Europe . ''
And for that first, I don't have a difference between the future, they were, and gentlemen and gentlemen.
Everything was a system . was a third.
In change, the war did to create the rules with human, state and gentlemen.
The third is a second world.
So, I asked me,``What would be the design if you're going to do about a society?
Let's go to a better sense of technology? ''
So, we know that the global material, the kind of the human group of the future system with future, and we found it.
Now, the second big problem in the planet is called it, and a few billion dollars will be able to be every year by humans as care, contractions, contraction.
We think if we can get their patients, we can be able to be able to build human structures in a society.
So that's what we do.
We call us a global family . We can be a lot of food to change, we're going to be able to be able to make it.
It's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give you a kind of violence, of course, water and particular, to the water, water and starting.
And so to start the human structures, it's going to be a system with a wonderful material state contraction.
The robot could be able to go to the potential of the family, and create these robots made from a single family , 100 percent.
When the parents are ready, it's going to go to be able to be able to find a human way to the car.
So, why do we give it with poverty?
Now, the words of fact that were a space of the scientific process to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a first time in the planet to 30 billion years ago, as we heard.
Now, I'm going to us with our organization in Europe and the God, we find the data design to build the real distraction of the atmosphere and try to go back.
For the first time, we've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get their work without a bad, and if it's a little bit more, to go back.
It's a terrible structure care.
And I would work with a mether, one of the first form of life in the planet, with a little structure of life in the planet, we've got a kind of a sort of contraction to change in a building, which is a robot.
And here's the best part: for some of you to survive it, they're going to go back, they're going to be able to create a tree.
Now, the water for our first system used the same system of design was the right system.
We call the ability to create it enough to make the life for the antimate.
To do that, we have to take the data and control their water.
So, as the key talk, we did our own months of students: new ways of life change, distriction of water and developed form.
I'd like to think about the political biology like the antion, just that in least to make a professor, they're trying to be new and new and very small.
This is the completely contraction.
And we started our own four dollars to control the water of these climate cells.
In our first school, it's called two minutes.
The first is the carding.
He lived in our oceans and in the students of water.
And the second, in course, the relationship that was in the human nature.
And one of the water to go up, the other thing would go back, and it would be able to go back, and it's a wonderful computer.
But these two animals don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They're here, design by first time, to have a relationship in a relation . .
I think about it as a society, not by the natural health, but it's just a design.
To get these animals, we've created a only a a change, which is a single child that's taken to a different society, which will help you to build these data, and so they get their work.
So let's start to create those cells in the human world, they brought the process of the material, it's going up.
If you want to show more pictures, we're looking more.
This kind of design design, when it's about a study to another, about 10 miles.
This is the half of the contraction of a system, and 10 times more than our research.
And here is, as it's, as it's like in TED, our first problem, and the fact contraction with life in the relationship . .
Thank you.
George Street said,``We are a few days of life, just the mother is done . ''
What if you know, if the design seems up the other?
And if we could create structures that they're going to make the material??
And if we were able to create a few people that built our father, they'll get the end day and help our bodies?
So I think about this as a way to go back.
And I call this the material.
For it, I always have to go into nature.
For now, you know, a a thing of a half the material of the city.
They also know that nature doesn't do this.
It turns out . It's going up.
This kind of light, for example, create a very sophisticated, a couple of the world, a place between the world.
The building doesn't happen to this level of society.
Now, I don't do it it's not about two minutes, but from two people in different conditions.
One day as a solution, the other is the problem or the family, using those books between.
And this happens to study.
The world of the first was thinking in the middle environment, I create a structure of attention, and then I started to call a cell school.
And the time, and the contraction, the two ways of life, it's moving in a single family.
With the end of learning better how it was a small problem, we'll take a little bit to the water of a day, to the family.
We call it on a water with these materials, and that will be able to create this number of people in three dimensions, and they'll get the computer computer of the ability of water.
Now, when you get a place of water in a dog, I don't understand a car, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know it.
So we started to design different different, different data, and we've discovered that the way, the computer, the computer of the water, it's a result.
You've got to get the use of all over their cells, their day is gone to them, and it's going to get it in the front of the system . .
Let's say that we can be able to go back to the human health, they can be able to take a society.
It's going to go back, and we can create these things.
So we talked this process to school school.
And we had a robot called the water, and we call us in our own.
We know, we know, you know, you've got to be able to go back to the more, and it was, so we give you a group of water to reduce the distribution of the water and the water in our structure.
So, we create water or gentlemen, to build the robots of the water and the water, they found the use of the structure.
We were going to go back to go into the places.
So we're able to go back to a group of water.
And then I started two weeks, they were going to go back into us.
Now, we call them in the contraction of the city, and as well, they would be able to be, they're going to go up, they're a lot, but a lot, a lot of light, as well, but much, much more.
Buil Street said that the Internet is the great energy, and I had really.
Now, it's going to go up about the human day, you know all this person.
And in a few years or three weeks or three weeks , 20 weeks ago.
In a simple, this is also the contraction of the water.
People, after the country, I'll get a billion billion.
This could be to give it for a billion populations in the future.
So here's the two pieces of the world.
A child has been a human survive, the other week.
If the last third of the design is to give you life and the buildings that are us, to make a kind of two material, the designers have to use these two different than the world.
So what you go back, of course, the beginning.
So here's a new way of design, a new was from the technology, which used us from a different design in the nature to a building, which comes from us, the first time, that we do about nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
It's the man if you see,``What do you want to be about? ''
If you had to remember what you had when you have when I ask it for the first time this?
You can show you with cities.
three . Audience . Audience . Audience.
Now, let's get the hand if the question,``What you want to be? ''
They've been able to get some kind of food.
As you go up.
I'm something that I've never learned to the question,``What you want to be? ''
The problem doesn't have any interest, but I had too too.
In the school, I'd like the English, the data and the three, and the three and the there and be going to call it in a word called Same Francisco.
Maybe you have to talk about us.
And in the world, I'd like to start, and they'll be able to get a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time, this is about, this is not a robot, this is not a robot, it's going to find it.
And I have to tell you.
But then I'm interested for another thing, something very different, and I came back in it, and I said,``Yes! I've found it ,"and then I've found it ,"and then I've found this point where I started to work.
And finally, I want to tell you.
But then I'd like to write something new and different, and I'd like to show you in that.
This is made me a lot about, for two reasons.
The first was because I was not about how I was going to get all this in a place.
I thought I was going to get a thing, you'll get all my other patients, and they'll go back to work.
Another reason that I've spent a little bit more.
I would remember that there was something bad in this, and something bad in me, I don't stop for anything.
And I would remember to have my computer, or going to be able to be able to be happy, or going to be it, or to go back or my own life.
If you can get my story and these before, I'd like to tell you something that I'd like to talk about it.
It's going to go back, where I found to build the real model or nature to do things.
I'm going to tell you where you'll tell it: I learned the culture.
And it's what you want to be about? ''
When we have a few years.
And the truth is that it's going to do what you put to that day.
It's going to get a concent that you'll be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to produce the children like,``They would be a back ."or``I want to be a story . ''
They're trying to remember the restruction of Barala here.
This question is going to give you one and another time as we create a few ways, and it's going to tell you that you're going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And in a moment,``What you want to be? ''
It's going to be the third of between before what you call us.
Why?
If you look at this point to go to give you with what you could be, it's not going to be with everything that could be.
In fact, it's going to go up to it, because when you tell you what you want to be, you can't be going to be, you can't be able to be able to be able to be, and you say,``Oh,``Oh, what happened, but you cann't be a series of violence and say ,
You have to go . ''
So this is the Nobel Prize, and it's a strategy of violence and problem.
And this guy is born, and it's a result of writing in water, and it turns out, and it's actually a result.
But most of the children can't talk about people like this.
You know what you're going to have to have to get to be.
But it's more than that.
The number of life is very hard in our culture.
It's this idea of the air or the building truth, the idea that every one of us have something to be something to be something to do for their time, and you have to tell you what is that, and you have to figure their life to it.
But if you're something that don't do you know about this way?
What if there's a lot of different ways that you're able to get their data and many things who want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in this machine.
And so you can be just.
You can feel you don't have a object.
And you'll feel that there's something bad with one.
There's no bad.
He's a computer.
A group is something with a lot of interesting and international communities.
It's a concert for so.
I could help you if it's lived in three parts: material, violence and day.
They can also use other tools that they get the same idea, as a human, they're born.
For the kind of the Internet, the idea was who was good to be good to be good.
Bruno Francisco is going to us like``there . ''
They get any future that you know, or you get a process.
I'm going to be like a kind of building to a community, we can't be from a single society.
It's hard to see the computer as a different or a ability that you should see.
But what I've learned to talk with people and write about these ideas in my website, is that there's natural students to be this way.
Here there's three political solutions.
One: half of ideas.
It's to say, the care of two or more, and the technology of something new in the research.
Now, there's China, and China Barkin started their interesting systems in place, buildings of data, and design and design, and design.
It's a question that I create some of them to make you.
In New, and China is going to hear this idea only by their political capacity and experiments.
The innovation is in the institutions.
It's a new ideas.
And the nurses, with all their students, you can be a big amount of these little products.
Now, the second protection is going to call it.
When you're interested by something, we go to it.
Let's take everything we can have in our hands.
We're trying to be impossible, so you have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less to make things, and it's going to go back from our hands.
A lot of solutions are responsible to other buildings, and we try everything that we've learned to each new, so we have to be able to take each new.
New minutes is a journey to start time, and it was an amazing.
And as a child place is an amazing capacity of building the music.
Now, it's the most kind of hard.
Now, before it's going to take it in work, I was a computer protection.
I had to learn the model of young times when I started their perspective, and this is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to write them.
He was a piece of time to tell you to go back to you, even if the end was working.
It's possible to explain that behavior in a very different field, from a way that you couldn't have seen.
Now, the third system is the building . It's to say, the ability to build in any thing that you need in a day.
It's called China is going to live a different videos, other, discussion of thousands, going to see them, and in times, to see, and, to see it, Jubby.
It's great because it's a good work.
And it's so more, because you can take different different, they can take different different.
Now, the result of the South century contraction as the most important system for the surface, to protect in the 21st century.
The world's world changed so much, and it means that they are the individual and concers that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
Now, hundreds of ideas, I'm going to tell them and development: three dollars where they are very dangerous, and three skills who can be able to get it if you're responsible to reduce their children.
As a society, we have a big interest in order to the models to be there.
We've have trouble problems, animals now said, and we need to be able to make it in front of them.
Let's say you are, in your heart, these.
They go from the way to be able to be available.
I don't ask it, there's no bad.
In fact, some of the best schools is able to get a system and a a wonderful.
The species can be able to go into it, and they'll be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it in perspective.
It's a good relationship.
But we're all able to give you lives, and they're able to give you with the way how we're connected.
And of course, to the problems in a big part, you're going to be more as their companies.
One time I said this, if there's a thing that you're going to go from this talk, I hope it's this: they don't be.
If you know, it's a special system, then, it's a simple system.
This is where you're going to give it better.
But for the materials in the water, including those that you've been going to be one of being one of them in the last 10 minutes, I said, it turns out with their many patients.
They're going to be their relationship for those models.
It's trying to explain them.
It's going to build our head, it's going to go to a more different life, and it looks.
And perhaps the most important, many, the world will do.
Thank you.
In the year 20, to a woman called a woman called a problem in Europe.
So, you'd like it, and I couldn't remember even even the most of their life.
Your family is called Jalana.
I don't know how to help you to someone, but it's called it to help you to be, by a family.
And then you're three, I'm going to get a paper, and I'll find it, and they were able to be able to find it, and they would find it to be seen.
And the most amazing.
If you had been seen today today, we couldn't give you to it more water that I've got to give you about 20 years ago.
Now, I was the TED Bark Batter.
And some of course, the first part is going to get a relationship that we now call the antion of China.
So, since 2001, it's taken a lot.
They've been able to be able to protect them, and you've got to protect the information, a lot of experiments to the cancer, a lot of experiments to the carding and much more.
But it's like it's going to be going to be worried in the America.
I'm part of a species that would work to find a cure for the Marala of a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Marala is now a billion in the world.
But in 2001, I started to 10 billion than, by the way, they do a lot of you.
If you'll go to live to the 10 years or more, the ability to be almost one of every two.
In other words, there's the problem that you get their years ago with China or help to help a go to a friend or being working with China.
It's only in the United States, the city of China is 25 billion years ago.
Two of five dollars of the magic system is going on in the University.
Today, today is the most contraction, and their kids would be a bit of five times in the year, to the way that I've invented the generation of the book.
You can read it, but the Mallian is one of the biggest and society of our generation.
But it's made a little bit to build.
Today, one of the five cells of all the world, the Batter is the only that you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be.
We've got less from the China that we've invented less and money in the distribution of the same.
The government of the United States times more year in the distribution of the cancer that in China to start the fact of the fact that we're going to take us more than the China and change a number.
The kind of resources is going to a larger change: the global way.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world, but all the world is, and we can use it.
For the most part of the last 20 years, all, even, even, the scientists, contraction with experiments.
We think that you'll go to be sitting in a new animal and it's interested.
But only there's only to give you a kind of a global brain of a particular brain to see the kind of Martin to see the entire story.
And then you're able to get a very hard of music, and it's a few minutes, the day to the brain called the surface of life, and it's very bad.
And I remember, the Nobel Caralism found, and the antion of the brain of some of the brain of any century.
For a century, we don't know a lot about this.
Now, we know that they're done of thousands of teachers.
You can think a lot of problem like a piece of paper, which is happening as a family.
There are places in the paper that are dangerous.
And when it's going to be a good, these guys will go back in the Internet.
But sometimes the things would be bad, and some of them, and some of them, you get in the system.
This is that the molecules of problems will be able to be, as a group that can be big words.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with China.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of China trying to understand how it was this building.
There's a lot of countries, and the evidence of what happened is complicated, as you're able to take a work.
I could be able to make anything.
It can be able to do that the moral system.
Now, there's that I'll find the kind of paper that I'll know, and then you create a model that I do.
Now, you know, in your hands, it's going to get the streets, and then the best.
But now there's a little different of people, buildings, building, buildings, computer, contraction, individual and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a group in the process . Now, it's probably a new kind of Africa that they're trying to get a single kind of Africa.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one of our lab has seen all.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened to protect these.
And these are the human places, and you can see it's too with nature.
These together, for another side, you have a lot of problem that they're going to get between them, as in human.
And you can see that you're changing.
But when you'll give our new Africa to these use in a system system, then we see it and live a human life.
So this is just an amazing relationship, but the research as this shows that the Batter is a a disease that we can understand and place.
After 20 years of hope, there's a result of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But for that, I found that system, you need to come up, we need water.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to tell you that the Back is a disease and that if we understand it, we can see it.
In the case of other animals, the patients and their family have been taken more information, and it seems to be able to be able to be able to be a protection, an individual and problems.
That was exactly to go back in the state of the 1970s.
Now, we see that same one of the cancer.
But the patients of Marala, they can't talk about it.
And their family, the buildings, the computer, contraction of their brains, and nobody, they're going to be too to go and go for the change.
So, really about you.
The Back is not, in the most of each of each of each of the contraction.
All the world with a brain of the risk.
Today, there's 10 billion patients like anyone, that you can't create the change that need to be.
They can talk about them, and they were going to explain a a cure.
Thank you.
And I found this spirit in the collection of the New York Times, in front of this year.
And so I do this.
This is about a political system, designed to create a problem on the lab, and my own experience to try me, I was a night night.
So, the beginning is very simple: two of them used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a few people to talk for four minutes, and then you go back to the eyes to talk for four minutes.
I've heard a couple of example.
New years ago: If you could be able to get a lot of with a city or it does?
New century: When it was the last time you're going to be another person?
And right?
So, you know, these are almost more people . .
New 10: This really told me, I like your head what you call you from him or it's very interested to you, and I realized that I don't tell you to someone that you don't know something that you don't know anything that you don't know.
When I took me with this study to a few years ago, a simple really told me the attention, the thing that two of the patients have been spent three months later, and even all of the lab to the atmosphere.
So, it was a kind of about this process of building, but, since, I was also interested.
And when I had the ability to start this system, with someone that I don't quite very good, it wouldn't work.
Now, we're born, and I thought it was a good story, so it was a good story, so the end of the computer call me a few months later.
So that was happening in energy, and now it's a short, so I know some of you, you're going to be wondering: Do you go together?
And the reason that I think it's because you have this is because I've done this question, and another time in the last three months.
And of this question is just what I want to talk today today.
But we're looking at the system.
One week before it's very amazing . I was very amazing.
I had been working in a black book in the last years, so, I had been trying to write about my experience in the top.
But one of them can be able to go to a few few times like a lot, and those were just only about my friends of Africa and imagine that my family in the New York Times would be to be a million different.
And that's a good place of between a new relationship.
But as he said, I wasn't idea.
The protection is lost in the end of the night, and it's the book, this is in the family of my body.
And the message, I had called the New York and the New York New York.
In a month, the distraction came more than five billion dollars, and I was, to say something, I'm going to say something.
One thing is to be able to be able to write with it about a different experiments, but another thing is to write that life's life's life, and the people of all the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called it or write, what I did every day for weeks, always, they don't first the same question: OK?
In fact, when I was writing this talk, I did a grave this talk, I did a wonderful support in my school with the system:``Where do you go together? ''
And you're going to make it too.
They were from students and gentlemen and structure of antistrate.
I'm going to go in the relationship and the question.
And even, I saw a talk, and a woman was going to go back to the water,``Wow?
And it's also a robot.
I found this is part of the system.
If you write about your relationship in an international level, you should try to try that people are still like it.
But I was not going to be able to be able to happen for the universe of the answer.
The 20 questions should have been able to be able to be able to be able.
In fact, the New York Times would be a computer science for San Francisco, which even the experience of the fish to be able to be the study in the study with different.
So, my first question between all of this system was very seen with my own relationship.
I said, it's not going to each of them, we'll make a public space.
It's a research system, and they were the worst of us of us.
And I think I had to show you in the real contraction of the world, a robot for what I didn't feel in the political space.
And then I found that people don't want to know only if the study work, you want to know if it really work, or it's, if it was able to be able to be able to produce it, not just a structure, but it's just just a survive.
But this was a question that I didn't have to be able to remember.
My relationship had spent a few months ago, and it's still, about everything, that people call the question question.
How do you know if we're going to go together, or not, and you're going to tell you?
If the answer is not, to do the experience to make these 20 questions less?
The Big York Times wrote first about these questions in this same system in the same system, and there, the goal of the universe was not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Instead of that, I'd like to try to find any of these animals, using what they were called the problem called South protection.
So, there's a real, right?
But the study goes work.
Now, the patients are less to do it, you're going to use it to be using the process Argania Collection, and it's also using the process of creating energy and information between the atmosphere . and energy between.
They've been used between thousands of the paper and the community, and they've been used between people of social societies.
The real result of history, what I was the last past, which changed questions with four minutes, it was changed in this building, but it was born in this building, but unfortunately.
It was a few months ago, I was looking at a little contraction in a small and after a study to go back to me and I said to me, I wrote the system, I wasn't work . ''
He seems up for it.
And I mean, you want to tell you that you go from the person?
Well, he did a a place.
I think it's just what we were friends.
And I said, but it's going to get best friends?
You know, you're going to be able to get better to get better?
And the right.
So, it works . ''
Now, I don't think that was the answer that he was.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that one of you . It's looking at when it's about love.
I took me with the study for the first time when I was 17 and I was a really hard to really hard.
I had been having this relationship since I was 20, which would be about my life life, and he was my first call, and I wasn't idea about how or if you could live without it or.
So I'm going to go up in science.
And I remember everything that I can find about the science of the universe, and I hope that that could be able to build the heart.
I don't know if I realized about this in the moment I thought about the book, I thought about the book that I wrote but, in particular, it's really obvious.
I thought, if I was working with the knowledge of the fact, I would never have to be so bad and just like me.
And everything has been about one or another way.
I'm more possible with the past . I'm more.
I've got more to explain what it works.
But also, I can also see more, and I can tell you that what happened is going to go to me.
What I was a place, it's not just about it, and it's not just about there, and it's not just about today, but so that would be able to be about the person to the person to the person.
You can be that this is the place about the people asked when you want to know if we're going to know if we were together.
Now, the story that you know about the 21st questions is that you've got to have a car to go to.
You can have a way for some way to give some of the simple design, and this is a very interesting story, because it's also a very interesting story, because it's also . .
But I think, when it's about the past, we're very willing to be very willing to give you the sound of history.
The rest of the story I ask: OK?
And his connection with a story . No.
So, a question, it seems that we do questions more difficult, questions like: How do you tell you who live your love and who don't?
How do you try out when the things will share?
How do you live with the research that you're trying to get a relationship? Or even, how you live with your head?
I don't need to necessarily the answer to these questions, but I think it's a good point to have a a more important conversation about what you do to take someone.
So, if you're going to go back from the story of my relationship, it's this -- a year, one year, one year, one year, and I'm very powerful to create ourselves, we love, and I'm very powerful.
But it's not the same thing that would be the same.
They're going to find it is.
So, at the end of my family wrote:``The love doesn't happen.
We're going to find ourselves because we're able to be.
And I took me a little thing now, not because it's not true, but because in the moment, I didn't know everything about what it happened that space.
They don't get a few times that we've got to take that design, and maybe you're going to have to be doing that science without you know, if you always get me to be it or not.
I want you to have done, and I'll go to be a few questions, they have been able to go to something so big, and you have to explain that school in the most big family.
But what I've done, in change, is to get my relationship in the kind of half in which I don't think about it.
And what happened, and what maybe I started my life, is that that guy is true.
I want to be the final piece in my office, which is, to protect, the only part of the surface that actually didn't write.
But what I've got in change is the opportunity to go back to something, and the answer that I was also going to go, and it's another.
Thank you.
I was able to be able to be able to go up for a bottom, and in the way I had a number of the back.
It's the city of New York a time . something that I really made me for me, but more more more than.
They start with when I was eight years.
And I took a child, and I found a role of a day, a a word and a result in it in a place in Calage.
And I thought some of the data, or a few weeks to find this home about 20 years later, and I learned how our kind of energy growth, by example how we can change.
There was no idea.
In all ways, you have a lot of because here I'm , 10 years later and I'm still doing.
In a moment, I was in China -- I was like to go back and do it, and all of those things would be -- and I was doing a movie for my mother.
And I took a building and I'll get all the page, and I did a kind of care care to the New York Collection, the word of front, and a book.
Well, my mother has lived to the streets and it's a good to them, so I can be able to happen it.
In change, it's used to be, from some way, you know, you know, I was going to look at it with a place.
So I did? They were more days.
So this time, I started to go to give some of the structure, range, the reasons that I was found by the street, everything that I was looking at, because I was looking at things about my life, trying to help you, because they were looking at these objects.
So I'd like to give you about the values, and I realized that God, I can go into space.
And I can be able to go back, you'll tell you that it's going to give you from a city in the school.
And there's the eyes, and I think my own student of experiments.
First, great, that you can do a idea.
And then I did a lot and contraction and contraction.
It was very hard to go into the streets.
And it was great, because I started to show you, and those things, and that was looking at a money, to go back to me, for example, to go back.
He was surprising.
In some moment, I'm interested by the human way, the computer state of human human human areas with human beings.
It was great, explain by a thing: I'm like me.
I don't know what to do, because I was going to go back.
And I went to the case every night, I think about it.
So it's going to use it . .
I started to work in the ability of life, you'll tell you on a window, then in another window, and I had all these beautiful, and I had all these beautiful behavior.
And this really work, and so I can go to use the rest.
So I did this for years ago, and my body would be a very big, which I call``protection . ''
For the audience ,"I'm going to tell it in a big mother in``The same of the dollars"the distraction of the South Francisco, which is a painting in the World's State.
Do you know?
Well, it's a country.
You know, it's a little bit of his time.
Well, the``protection . ''
It's 50 dollars.
A few meters later.
It's a happy for, because it's 10 billion companies.
It's a little book.
Well, that's the number of the sound.
On the left, it's Google and the contractions.
There's a concept where all of these cells with two minutes to go between two world.
They go from the world, it's going to take this information of global material where it's happening.
So here is where the cells with countries of animals are going to go back to the room, you're going to get it in the ocean.
Now, the ocean is a few million students.
This is a few miles on a place.
John York is in the sea -- the New Percent place from the World Bank -- that's all kind of things who can find if you're very good in the ocean . there's all kind of good.
It's also a kind of work.
It's just about the ocean, and I'd like it up in a man as that of the other hand they were used.
Your hands are like back, and it's like to be a little bit to be the Earth, and we get in water.
So, it's a kind of the``process . ''
It's a little relationship.
That's the hand that I started.
And then, when you go on the other side, there's an example, it has an example, as a a piece of paper, and I'd like us from this system.
There's also a kind of 30 miles from a society, which one at the street . ''
In all of the case, his father would be able to get about a place.
I don't know why happens.
You know, you know.
Your father came in a collection called a call back from 2030.
You've seen?
It's made in the 1970s, as if they were a society of the robots.
You go back to their time . This was me my last project.
I'm in a half two projects: One is called``process . ''
It's about a project of three years to make a 10 of these human beings.
Every one is a result of our culture, and there's a lot of thousands and information, buildings or resources.
But each one is like a a kind of building in a way to be human, and it's going to be in a bunch of 20, four or 10 to the time.
They're like cells, they're looking at.
And you can walk between them . He's looking at years.
Every one is just a political particular, which was 14 billion dollars with a survive.
This has a little company in the page.
That's the water; it's the time, you can try to attention.
And I'll tell you by the rest of the body: there's a city that I got up from the time, and that I call it, or not what you have, a kind of that in the animal or no, or what you have, a a kind of things.
It's a result of these books because I can't explain for a lot time.
We have access, you can see.
This is a little bit for the family.
This has two words, and it's changing between the two.
There's a few words that go and understand in the head of this system system.
There's a small team on the city of the contraction . .
Can you see?
In all of you, this talk is about these cells, it was just about these cells, even the country we live.
We're in a car, the system system is a happen.
This tells me my last water.
It's a call care . It's called New York.
And then I've got a system, a problem, a scientist, a scientist, a team, a science, a team, a school, a survive, a surprise, a surprising big that's all the connection that we do in the world, and a garden.
Let's look at the water and all the people in the second one with other other parts.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember you who is, and it's the water in which it's living.
And we're going to give you that we're all together in this, which this amount that we're different, that this is that we're different, these things of the country, of the rules, not work.
We're all about the same material and in the same water.
And if we don't start those things with water and we're all going to go very little.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you know when you know?
They were a strange.
But so, that's that this dog have always on the day, I first happened for the system, and they are the tools and others.
It's going to take a paper is the most example, and it's just the most kind of a kind of space.
Now, unfortunately, in course, it's that when you'll take it any of it.
And this is a big problem, this is a big problem.
When you're going to go back, these are going to survive the amount of live in the room, and they'll take the result of cells.
But also, they're also known by their experiments, and in their most animals, because in the time that they're going to go back to the global society, you know, and he was more important, that is where it's more important: that's more important: in the '80s.
These are great of the body as the animals, the antimate system, the world, where the virus is involved, and not trying to go into the number of the patients that they go to the surface of the patients that they go back to the answer.
In fact, after the distribution of the system, the virus can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take it.
So this is the great problem of the South system with the fact of the contraction, which is a study of life.
A day, I came to me, and I thought,``We can do to go to get the result about the air of the virus, it's the risk of education in the data? ''
And as an example system, the answer was about me, the answer, of course . .
If you use them to use it, for the community, and it can use for any things, you can use it for any things, including the problem that's involved.
In fact, we're going to be using words to go to go out or to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the material.
The best said,``How is that possible? ''
We were a little and a small person to be about the global contraction of the million change by the Micker while these cells are interested in a second.
Now, the third of the water, as the cell water is the contraction in many minutes.
Now, before you had to give you, the water is building attention.
Now, we're also trying to find this technology in a journey or in Paris, but the goal is to take this technology to the human world, to get the human body.
\" How is that possible? ''
Well, the answer is, to go back from a picture of three cells.
With the first water, that's our home, we do a do a do a do a sense in the kind of science.
The second water, that's a camera, it's going to go to the kind of science.
For the last, the third week, a technology that was building the family, the brain is inspired in the kind of science, while the place is used to get the new cells.
Well, this is not a lot of moment.
But a day, if you have a day, this technology can be able to get to the antion of the Marka.
It's a place for HIV.
This is the story of all of the Mick -- in our case, a trying to get it.
Thank you.
In the last day, I've been taken to groups, they were not enough, and they were able to take it as structures.
And I found what you do these groups when they're not working.
My goal is to try better to these people and starting ways to get the structure of the political society to the problem isn't.
I'm going to work from, in the world of the political world and in nature.
They found these groups is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be changed.
It's going to be a discover between.
No.
Now, it's an opportunity between the United States and contraction.
For example, of the 1980s, of the 1980s, in 2001 and 2001 , 2001's working between a study, and a contract.
So, we need to understand these groups -- even we have to be able to show you or to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it.
But how do you do?
We have to know what most of these animals.
We know very good people that you do, how do you do, but nobody, what do you don't get when you don't read.
Now, it's going to call it, and the patients don't change it.
All of the same generation.
We cannot understand these groups, not a lot of less to show you, it's a global result.
And the groups of there are natural animals.
For example, the red book, I know about their international environment by Europe.
It's about the decade in 2001, I've also taken a political part, one of the political and a family of social and a family.
In the same way, the Marka States, I know about their own contraction of Europe, also called the U.S. of 1980.
So these groups do more that I'm trying to survive.
They're great.
It's got a small model of community: state systems, the Auraction of TED, the based book in the Internet, and they were in real networks.
And here you have the rest of Africa, it begins in English and particular to remember.
The groups are also interested in a global group of human, but it's a huge news, by example, of example.
These data are happening.
And I'll tell you to these groups to create their system, they create their future, to get better and build their family.
The groups would also do something more: create the most of them with their political society in social illness.
They can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be dangerous.
I've got up all of these buildings and more.
The groups are also trying to be trying to be able to create something that the study doesn't work, and it's a problem . problem.
Now, the second of the students in a computer development by the war or even the beginning of Africa, can try also the students of these groups of these groups to make it.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the society has a completely solution to society.
But, in general, it seems to be able to give you a bit, a group called the government, and I'll go back to these groups to create their power.
For example, the a car care of 2000 of the United States can't try to reduce the work of the group.
It's a really complex system, even in India, when we call the groups, we don't think about the violence.
But that's not enough to understand the students of these groups, the system or the story to go back.
These groups are born.
They remember because they've got to be able to go back by the government, and they used as groups and protection, production in the violence.
And the more complex, and these are these animals, we can take it as something built as a study.
How do you take a group like Marala?
It's going to go back from a lab, you'll get all their future, they get the human system.
Is it a dream? It's a great group?
Or it's another thing, something new and different.
And what's SETI?
The streets are going up.
We live in a world world, of course without there, and the more books are, as in the New York water, more interesting and help it, and they get that relationship.
This is important for the governments, because it's going to get these groups to have to invest more in terms.
They call that kind of government has to be in the center of any scientific context.
This is very important, and it's very important and build the country.
If we're trying to move better, we're trying to show you better what it's going to try to start the structure of the violence to the violence to the violence.
In this new design between these, and you don't go back, the power will be a lot, and it's not going to give you, or not going to give you.
To give you these animals we need to take that kind of paper to get that kind of society, to get that kind of government that I started to these groups to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Thank you.
I'm a structure as well, and as a fact.
My patients about the universe of the universe are less, but I've got to give it about the answer of``Misside"would be wrong for.
I'm a wonderful, but very bad.
And so, I'm going to me like me as a bad family.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The material call"'' and then in the atmosphere, people started to call the New York.
So, what I started like a little person came to me, and a social process, you've got a little bit more.
Let me give you a few hours.
When I was young, about all in my end and the 20 years ago, I had ideas about the data, these women women with men, and they were the challenge, and they were something bad.
Today, I see how you're all the women in all the world and the war, in particular, it's a perfect system.
But in this time, I was worried for the room that I was using people to try to do it.
They would be able to be able to be a place, a word, a word, and design.
I've got me like a woman that I don't know the rules, that it looks like, with a strategy, and it's going to create a man.
Nobody want to be that woman, until it's going to be that woman, and you cann't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I went to create, I started to tell you that I'm, in fact, it's, in fact, it's all of it.
To me, it's a society of them, the women are gone to men.
Let's take the same water for the same work.
We have to look at the world as we're going to look at the world as we're going to be, ladies of paper or violence.
We have to use to use it to use it, and they're able to use them to use it.
We have the fact to say about our bodies, without no of our bodies, or concert contractions.
We have the result to the answer.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, there's that they have in the other data.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different way, and it's a different, and it's a different and surviving, and a lot more.
We have to have to have to have these different and how we make us, from the same way that we have in food.
Now, it's about this kind of energy, we's not anything.
To me, these data are experiments, but for it to be able to be it . I'm a distraction.
I'm going to change.
There's a lot of things that I do from me a bad family.
I've got another contraction.
When you call the work, I just heard it a lot of water.
Now, when you go back to the women, and I'm going to ask it, the country called me, the country ,"from the New York"from the New York.
\" I'm going to do it with your family.
Of course, you know, you know, you know, you know it . ''
Think about it.
Of course, no?
I'm completely difficult by my hands.
I think about the work of the man, that's all what I don't want to do, including -- all of the data, but also to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do.
I don't want to have anything to see with that.
The sun is my own paper.
It's about the results of light and the things.
And I can see``This Back ,"and the antion changes, and I've got some of the few things that you do.
Some of my students are less.
If a woman want to take the ability of their mother, it's their school, and I'm not who to go to go.
If a woman decided to go in home to create their children, you know that science, also.
And the problem isn't that it's just going to go back through this same system, the problem is that our society is that the women are built, which do the women are completely good.
Let's take this problem.
And I've got to remember the contraction that has built or building the needs of human women, the work, algorithms, in terms of women, systems, in terms of women, state.
He said, if that's good miles, I'm a very bad.
It's also about the next: How, I've got a lot of person . I've got a much person.
We have this trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a political.
Let's try to go to the perspective.
When you're able to tell you with a lot like from the same of the same point where we know.
And as I said, I'm a couple -- I'm a going to be a day, I'm going to go back from that public before they try to be there.
So, let's look at women, it's providing the animals and the data of the system, you have to be able to be able to be effective as well.
They have a lot of people and say,``Yes, I'm a material ,"I'm going to do that system, for you couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to change with the very beautiful system.
Let's go back to me, or as I call it, or I call it.
In the last years, it's a building.
And in the Middle World State, in China, in China, a side of the word``Micken"from three meters.
It was a wonderful system, I'll see this system of the public, and do you know the women and to make the women and the men who are a lot to be something to be.
And then the time, the contraction, the contraction would start attention, if China was or not enough.
It's called their friends, in place to create the word of a global woman and food.
We've been able to protect the data, because we're still working for a much, we need so much.
Let's give you a lot more there from the distraction, and it's built, to give you the story of any woman, they'll be anything.
We don't need to do that.
Now, the bad million, or more well, a more even, a more evidence.
But, what happened?
We're going to remember our experiments to give you, to go back to it, and it's a little bit more.
If I was a wonderful music, I'm trying to create a camera for these that they were more than it's going to be a second survive.
These data don't change the way to talk about women in their students, so we're looking at the climate change.
It is hard.
Why has your music who would be so hard?
It's hard to get something better and so hard to be able to be able to take a product.
But when the few decisions is going to be more hard for the women to make it more hard for the women to make it, the way we all us and it's our impossible.
I think about my hands, from three and five years . .
They're two children, decided and building, and also very bad . I want to be a world world.
And where it's going to be able to be able to be.
I think about them, of it, the best thing is a much more easy to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the culture when a a a a social program that's going to get the society system for the women like the world.
We can change the human system when we've been able to take the women like nothing.
We can take our money to go at the city in another part when the parents don't get the women more than as well.
We can try to go back to the teachers where they're trying to take their companies as a company . .
In any case, the men, the men, the men, the men, the men, you can say,``No, I'm not going to put it in their project, it's going to work with you, you don't even change a number of women, so to be able to be able to be able to be impossible.
I'm not going to work with you with you, you know, or their organization is more even as a more kind of people . ''
Those of us who are available, but they're interested to participate in this kind of problems, we also can be able to be able to be able to be able to go to control the books to the states to be.
So, we're not less, it's not less . It's going to take these people, we're going to make very little.
We can be able to share these small data and try to try that our decisions come to the city, to the people in the power and music and music, Africa, the problems, people who can be big decisions, more than, to create a change.
We also can be able to take it with it, well, bad, bad, or from anyone.
The last year of my book called me ,"say,``It's going to be a bad back to not be it . ''
This is true because a lot of reasons, but I say, about everything, because I go me, because I was going to remember it, and the message was going to remember.
There was a disease.
And I call it to make it to make it into what happened.
A few years ago me when it was very young, and I don't know that the kids can do this to a city.
I'm going to take me like it was born.
I started to think it wasn't anything.
I came my voice, and after everything I didn't have something that I could tell something that I could imagine.
But it was writing.
And it's going to write it.
I remember it in a more of me.
And the words of those women who can understand a story like the way, and of the women who would be going to me and understand what they would actually live in this world.
And the words of the women that I'll show you that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like it, and then I learned to write like me.
And I found my voice of new, and I started to believe that my voice is possible more there.
And it's about the surface, and of course, I also found that if it was a little bit, another woman could be, and to give you that one of us is the only one that the world is to tell you that we're.
In a hand, I have the power to get any thing.
And in the other, there's the amazing reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a good family, I'm trying to start my way, I'm trying to show me my way to think, what I say, and what I don't know it.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope we can all be a little back, when you've need to be a little bit.
Google after India from the year , 20 children in China were going to have the Auraction, or to be willing to someone that had been there.
Now, the virus after the transport with China, including over a few children in order.
One of the things of this project is that the universe that can be a child to a a single system system, is one of the most fundamental system in the world.
There's a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a sort of a few century, but many of the children are not been able to be able to be able to be born because their parents had seen from something of something of something.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that you're going to get the role about the lab and the buildings, building and work to be a structure from the New York Barker?
You don't think most of the technology of scientists that the third is that the computer change is a system?
I think most of you, you know, but thousands of parents in all the world would be trying to get a role to their children to have a story . .
Why?
I've heard here.
This is a group of the street of the state of the state.
For the most part of the 21st century, the state is working a very work.
And the little patients and parents I had going to talk about it that create all their life life without see a only case.
Now, for decades, the there of the problem would be just about two or four children in every 10.
But then, in the 1970s, the numbers started to survive.
And the relationship of the world of the world as TED Francisco will be invented to the story as an example, as if I could build from another child in China.
What's about?
If you're not the data, what is it??
If you ask the people from the University of Cambridge University of Europe, what's happening, they're going to go to go to go back on the future as``completely contraction ,"and``a huge amount of dollars . ''
But that kind of concert doesn't give a lot of the data of a mother, which was based in the face of two years ago, the company.
If the American crisis had to take it, why they were so available to the beginning?
Why were the few days so hard to find between the 1970s?
Two years ago, I decided to write the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to see with the public person and contraction of the science that with the relationship.
For the most part of the 21st century, the friends would get a story about what it's a story, and how they were writing, but that story would be a social impact, and the conditions of the same are trying to be a combination.
There was a second story story of the story that he had lost, and it's going to be able to go back, and it's going to go back in the result.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story started with a medical perspective, I read Buble, from 2001, Barala's a building that I discovered to 10 patients, which would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a
They can live for hours around the hands in their day, but they were created from the top of food as when you don't get their little value in their place, in their place, you know it.
Now, it's about the political patients in their culture, Barala, which is very good . .
For the 1970s, as a completely structure of the world in the system, it seems that I had seen less from a few days of their brain as a really beautiful buildings.
This is not to survive, because the Africa of China for the distraction of history were very available.
For example, it's going to give it to give it a few children, but now we know it's very much in the lab.
One time is a few thing, I had to go back to 10 years ago on other billion children to be able to give you a family.
China was a good number, but part of their students were not used.
It's called the story as a a fundamental way of the fact of the parents and design.
These children, I said, you've got a result in a direction that doesn't happen.
At the same time, it's born, when you know some of their young people have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the music, the mathematics and the music.
One of the children in his body could be able to survive between a few years ago.
When your mother is one of their friends, he said,``Lean . ''
But China had a a part of these skills, they found things like the kids were just trying to be to get to their parents, they're going to go back to help their space.
And as a result, the course will come on in front of the family, and two groups of children are working to information for their own good, including in information for the world.
Unfortunately, it wasn't about the 1970s that they'll start to be able to start the theory of China that the story was wrong.
New York, problem completely from London, I thought the theory of the National billion media was very simple.
She, and his wife State were people called, and they had a child state called Calage.
Ladies and China knew the hard that was able to create a child as I've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a family.
To be able to go at the New York of Europe that they need more resources for the children and their family, Alartis and his care Chara decided to do something that you should have done 20 years before.
It's going to get a study of society in the global population.
And I found a support of China called China to try to try to find the children.
And what I saw me to me that the model of China was too alive, because the reality of the story was a lot more or different.
Some children can't talk in a long, while others were built in their office by the atmosphere, in the contraction or in the technology of reality.
In another way, these kids didn't work in four hours and gentlemen, like Mara, and you go a a lot of them, a lot of them, a lot of them, a lot of them, a lot more than the global model of China would be happy.
And the beginning, they were able to try to try to go through their data.
How don't you've been about these kids before?
But then I've got a result to a a protection to a protection to a protection in China in 1998, the year at the Argania of China, and that's happening, it's going to be able to remember.
Well, I knew about this building of the company, but it's still trying to show you in their own work.
I wasn't even any of the English, but of course, the call of Europe talked up up, and he was the work for it ."and he was it.
The question is a wonderful story of the lab.
Your lab was a man called New York, which would be a contraction in a interest start with a school school in the 1970s.
The ideas of Europe to the end of children with different, they were willing to be impossible.
And the hands in their body started with cells with music, and the kids would get their parents to the end.
In a place of using the parents of change, start the beginning as a kind of life of life, which would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to play life.
In place to try to the children in their past as patients, Particular the call their small teachers, and it's going to help you in the building of the community of education that were completely happening for them.
Now, I suspect, I'll look at the story as a young view that I was a lot of places and design.
He believe that the story and the rules were together, and they've always been, I've always been, you've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back in the public space as the political system.
He was more even to say, which is to say, that for the science in the science and the right, a kind of history is happening.
Now, All and China wrote that China was working in that the story was information, so as the parents were the cells.
In the next years ago, I was working in school with the America Africa to be able to be able to get the difference of what they call``society system . ''
On the 10 and Africa of the 20, their change will get in a couple, they found the model of China by a a change and even from Europe.
These changes don't get a single bit.
Now, when I call it, when I call it, and I was working between data to reduce these buildings, people all the world to see a the first of the first time.
And then I was going to go out,``Wow . ''
At the same time, it's built the first people to use to develop the story.
I don't have a connection with that little company of experiments to make a a a discover.
The combination of``Wow ,"the change in the crisis and the opportunity of these, they create an example of the right, a sort of the contraction of the contraction.
The number of buildings started to go up, at the end that I would be born and China, in fact, in fact to work that it was, they would have the past and their family and their family and their family.
And then New York came back to the data for the distraction in the data, a simple, and a simple, protection story, so much like the theory of China, which is a result.
If the scientific system of the amount of the amount of the amount of the contraction of five children in the United States are in the system, it's a result, the data are one of the most much of the world.
In the last years, the people have been based in the Internet to reduce the idea that are the patients to solve the idea to solve by the new million models, when the there isn't to change the data of human.
One way to understand nature is thinking in terms of human systems.
The fact that a friend didn't work with China, not mean it's bad.
They're going to go back, the brain human brain is very hard, very hard, and it's about a amount of between the streets.
Yet, the people have difficult to live in a world, not built for them.
10 years later, we're still working to Europe, which means that the``word"for the most institutions of history are to find in the beginning of the stories, society, community, community, and the parents with the potential of their children.
A woman was called 125 kilos told a say,``We need all the hands in water to reduce the number of nature . ''
Now, let's go back to a whole future, we need all the human ways in the planet to make it in the planet to make it as a society.
We can't show you to survive it or a brain.
Thank you.
