You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the U.S .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a <unk> farmer , or leather clothing , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you today about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , a epiphany that 's usually something that you dropped somewhere .
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class .
When I was beaten to bleed every week in the children 's bathroom , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life for me to get into the bathroom hall .
I did it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to leave the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations that struggle against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from the teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm a lot of turns from adults to never get to know us .
You could get them to Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to take you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and we care about her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as a grown-up came to know me , he became a cycle of ash , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this today .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature , and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly be <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
<unk> around me <unk> from the water almost 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake , on another snowflake year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall from glaciers , or break out of ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them will refuse to give up and hold on to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and <unk> in a <unk> of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , which are isolated and alone , as much as we see us sometimes as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg melts a eardrum , rich freshwater minerals that feed many forms of life .
I come up to photograph these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that at these unique moments there are that way , and they will not exist again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of its way through the life cycle .
Part of the ice of the <unk> that I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's got a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
The last photos I 'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's a little bit frequent to actually see a rolling eardrum .
Here you have it .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a shot of Greenland , average size .
<unk> water about 120 feet .
This video is real time .
And so just like , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two mates in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , each one <unk> a baby . OK .
So two mates each with a baby .
I do n't want you to get stopped at the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , they 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the Y chromosome is linked to the X X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome from the sperm joins the X X chromosome .
Both turn , and it starts life .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my business activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- this is , of human bodies and <unk> , how you 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what you 've thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is the activist , as a patient care advocate or , as I say sometimes , advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with twins <unk> , two people inside the same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I worked with a lot of cases with outlier sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male 's male and conventional female female .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes many ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that does n't get involved in male 's standard or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with an XY <unk> of the chromosome out of the chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are <unk> back .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But since this individual lacks testosterone recipients , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So there are high testosterone levels , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following a typically female course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a little girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is going on .
After giving you exams , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , actually has testicles and chromosome and chromosome .
What 's important to understand is that you can think this is a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , like the men , we have in the body , something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know the <unk> structure ; I think it 's a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to the <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that have <unk> syndrome .
So sex is complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere .
Another example : A few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a male -- he had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a boy , and I had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I had chromosomes , and in the womb , the <unk> glands were so active that they basically created a male hormone environment .
As a result , its genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone hormone component .
He was born with a kid ; no one suspected nothing .
And it was at the age 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by modern menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many different varieties of sex .
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies will remain dwarf , fraternal <unk> , or <unk> , or <unk> surgeries is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're going to go through many surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being female is having female identity ; supposedly , it will be black , you mean to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about our culture .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people inside a body .
The higher case is last year in the past year with <unk> <unk> <unk> , and it was put in cloth his sex in the <unk> Olympics .
A lot of reporters were called to wonder , `` What a test is going to happen to determine if you 're <unk> <unk> is male or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such a test .
In fact , now we know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are the ones that we mapped that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more advances the science , the more we need to admit that these categories is stable , that we thought were stable empty categories that were born directly with <unk> categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And it 's not only in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go on a rough terrain .
So let 's look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in in science , we get more and more in a awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all the spheres of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the fights at first and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set out a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> of what someone is considered as dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of him put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still not yet .
If I stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we need to deal with a dilemma of determining really someone 's death , and it puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could be happy like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm going to be nervous .
They would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we thought about that .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to tell you that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were great .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious , and so radical in what they did , that I find out every single glimpse of that <unk> music , and not for the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with fathers .
The Founding fathers were , for me , the first activists of anatomy , and I explain why .
What they rejected was a concept of anatomy , and I would merge it with another thing that was radical and beautiful , and it stayed for 200 years .
And as they all remember , what they did n't know our Founding Fathers was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming from the political power of blood passed from the father to the father and then the son and so on .
Parents understood that idea and replaced it for a new anatomical concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They took the field of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the differences in anatomy , that was very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where they were spending two things .
There was democracy happening and at the same time was born in science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Founding Fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist <unk> .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and so they rejected the concept of power that they could be passed through a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence and the <unk> of nature , and the god of nature .
Do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what about years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then they came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are headed to the anatomical difference about anatomical difference , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we need to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example : I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we need <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five year-old kids were supposed to be allowed to have sex with sex .
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense and that I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them in and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , by the contrary , was born at term : was born on March 1 .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the right to sexual consent , the right to the vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered a man -- if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered a man now , it 's <unk> from the mandatory <unk> of the Mary who Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can be married in all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So , they still do persist categories , which in many ways are trouble and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science is so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science flies away .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a pragmatic attitude , `` Well , we need to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a strange position .
For example : Texas at a certain time has decided that to get married with a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and and to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome and chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests tests to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you to the beginning of the <unk> syndrome to the <unk> .
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I 'll witness '' a solution .
He says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we had to get involved in this for <unk> to people , because I 'll admit that I know some of the <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them may be able to make more informed , intelligent decisions and mature about their sexual relationships than the people of 40 that I know .
So how do you put the theme of the content of character ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America is still driving this <unk> of thinking about the subject of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is supposed to be killed , unless he 's willing to have a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light twins and then separate them apart and then they 're growing their fame .
But when the phone asked him the reason the operation was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these children would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , has been considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are without <unk> to change the state well .
So I think we need to be on the head .
Well , in closing , I mean I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that 's that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about group .
For years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in looking at the sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of the way to think and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> , they tend to pay more attention to social relationships and care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism <unk> , considered me feminist , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what he 's got from feminine feminine . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to get rid of the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing girls in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I 've got a little bit of a female question .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different from the female 's brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , while the fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , they may have put more moms to this concept , perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy , to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , as we tried to create a perfect bond , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work , you have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth a lot more than their construction cost .
So we could easily ignore the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this might sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it just <unk> by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment , they were owners , and the other half is not the lack of lack of it .
They could try to increase the ability to <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have norms to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place will build the construction instead of bringing the construction .
So I proposed that governments are going to have new big reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under charter .
I learned later that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular choices , <unk> <unk> would be imposed on a platform in which promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say that you ca n't go and upset all the current residents of apartments .
We 've got a lot of attention to the new technologies , but it needs both technologies like the rules to make progress , and usually it 's the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we put together in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York , look -- land that , in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies all the rules that are left there and an option for people to be able to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras , he called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country moves forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and I would talk back to me about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of a Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everyone <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader approached the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer here . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing -- that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that could be going to be in Honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras ' government would need help from associated countries , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them establish and make the charter norms , so that they could all trust that the charter actually will be done .
We went and we saw a site .
This photo is there .
It could easily be a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly afterwards , the 19th of January , you voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional disposal that would allow you to create these special development regions .
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress to the constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , got it really .
To <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , passed in another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to 24th of February , one of about 30 <unk> <unk> was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new <unk> center of the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after it spent four years getting the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come , and then it would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate Supreme Court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some of the funding .
But the only thing we know they have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would like to be changed immediately to another place .
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
A lot of them are fathers who have to leave their family back to go to get a job ; sometimes they are unique mothers who have to win money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children are trying to get together with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What do you think about insist so that families can choose between many cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live with costumes .
I love to find , dress , and more recently , photograph and publish my blog and colorful , colorful , different people for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second <unk> from <unk> markets and secondhand stores .
Ah , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I 'm going to meet you guys , and usually my money goes to a good cause ; my appearance is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal pursuit of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Would I like color ?
It will cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Going back to the subject of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what do you bring someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven base pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you 're here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know you like the woman who walks for TED , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look well .
You almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All of the set , including the jacket , I took over 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be from bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time <unk> .
Just yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 're also going to be angry .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you carry inside .
Sometimes people tell me that they seem to play the <unk> , or I remember their little seven years .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're okay with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 , I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , you do n't look at it .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal universal truth for you : the golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style of mine , and it 's a great way to tell the world to the world without having to say a word .
I 've tested it over and over again when people came up with this week , just because of what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to be emotionally emotionally at these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful , brilliant and brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart , and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic of logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be someone who 's completely logical .
This would be someone who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you call your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a pretty good logic for <unk> these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need quite intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to be able to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A lot of intuition that you may have developed over the years is that it says that one thing can be only in a place at the time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , and they did it .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
He was a little kid , and he did n't do it very well , always fell .
But I 'm going to bet you play with that parking bar , he taught a valuable lesson , and that 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> to do it , and it 's in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you can be a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with a parking lot , they 're playing with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really bizarre things -- like they can go through walls , or you can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago -- you needed to need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need the needed to describe the big objects that surround us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my part of logic .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to extend it a little bit . It 's just in the middle .
And then we do a very big approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little little bit of metal , a springboard and <unk> <unk> on a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of <unk> that is underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator only , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you with these things , because I do n't want them to piss you up , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that happens to the side and the wind in the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
And we 've got the lights off , then we introduced a Hoover and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like it wants .
So we measure their movement .
We discovered it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of sitting perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath in this way -- as a breath that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth drive , we could make it <unk> and not <unk> at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is really fantastic .
What does it mean that a little bit of <unk> and <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain moments when those line line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It 's a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom , and that little bit of metal is about the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my part of the logic that speaks .
So imagine if you were in many places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights into the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just so close to a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more profound .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job in Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Lots of negotiations and stories , I assure , with 17 very interesting museums .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> from a great education -- I 'm not <unk> , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So let me better show you a demo , and then you explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So simply , we 're going to go to <unk> .
Look around the museum there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the New York City museum .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click and <unk> , we 're already inside the museum .
No matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane plan , and with one click , we jump into .
They 're inside , who wants to go to the end of the hallway .
continue to go ahead , which is <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the information information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get from 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you actually get with 10,000 million pixels .
And you can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see , fun things are going on .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that happened there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went into , and I discovered that children were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit of a little bit , I talked to some people of the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick last Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even deeper into it , and you 'll see that you can actually get even to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll really see what 's there .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The Night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` <unk> night , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things else here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter if you 're rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The From zooming in , '' -- we just make a zooming in it .
It 's about `` The ambassadors , '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , you send your friends and maintain a conversation about what you 're feeling at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things really do n't really do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they also do n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium I do justice to its artwork and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going into a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everybody .
I have something to show you .
You think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'll tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this photo -- I 'm from Italian origins , all the children in Italy are growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that it 's happened very interesting in L.A. 's races one in the last two decades .
So , for some time , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I took a budget and put it on a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you win the career .
This is what , in engineering , we have <unk> control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Now what 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to get into our lives .
Our cities , over the last few years , have been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're getting into the outdoor computers .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened in a different way , and they can be screened for and <unk> .
The cities are big .
As a result , I wanted to say that cities are only two percent of the planet 's crust , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and they are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition that 's an exhibition at MoMA at MoMA at MoMA during the summer .
It 's called `` Uncle Phone . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , they start to speak to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all of the existing atoms would get out sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old angel 's <unk> .
You know , when Michelangelo was held by Moses , he says that in the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it on Moses -- -- -- and you can still see a little dent in it , and he said , `` Do you make a strange dent ? '' ( Why do n't you talk ?
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to talk to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , very lucky .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , playing Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , in the end , I won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day , looking at activity happens on the web .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
By the early evening , there are people over here , and making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time -- second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They earn Italy , yeah .
That night they were all to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day , they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city rate in a way that we could n't have done a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : It 's not about people , but things we use and consume it .
Today we know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags on the way to track the trash in their shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently about a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are going on .
And then we put a little chip , a tag and the trash and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
From Seattle ...
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we <unk> does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still there .
If we show that to people , then we 'll be able to promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> tubes , <unk> that open and closed .
It was created like a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If the pixels fall down , you can write in them , showing patterns , images , texts .
And when we zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can move , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
She liked it very much .
And we had a commission to design the building of the pedestrian entrance .
We call it a Digital Water <unk> .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no windows or windows , but when you come from it , it opens up so that you can go .
The roof is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the ceiling .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , as in this case .
Those days there will always be someone , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not that you 've been demolished , but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears .
This is how it works .
You see people who are going through what happens inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet trying to test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that opens up to leave you , but a building that was still making slices and water holes , and you had to jump up to not getting wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people will give our designs .
But it 's always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with normal setup in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen would appear at different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixel cloud in 3D that you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When light comes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with a input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the New York City star <unk> , and La Scala .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left see the pixels , the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
You can do it all the movement .
You can go through all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with the color and the movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm as a <unk> farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine you could make everybody a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that , in the last two decades , we move from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign , we can go through the digital world , the power self-organizing , the power self-organizing , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to tackle today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particles cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered with pixels .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , to be able to share the top moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a connection with the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something you can get up , as a new peak in London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital headlight at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only some changes in your genes , they could improve memory -- because of a more precise , more accurate , more quickly .
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure yourself ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably about the number of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many of you choose the memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most people . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or might it be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you the look at a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay `` Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of Evolution . ''
But if they effectively accept biological evolution consider this : It 's just the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the most interest .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago .
There 's been maybe 20 different species of hominids there .
Some have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> .
It might seem that we are far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin being used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , it 's chemically indistinguishable , that comes out of the pancreas .
And by talking about bacteria , you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria , the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio 's first raises the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very cozy .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that might want to do no effort in their part .
It 's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush to the exit .
But so else , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one and only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed .
When I just <unk> college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two hundred daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms are , things start to change .
It goes into the scene of sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , one might say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death of sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment , but with every year that was happening , it was more certainly true .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still acting in Las Vegas in his 90s .
And one night someone hits their hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of he 's a <unk> dancer in front of him .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came to look for a `` sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I choose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to be healthy .
I wanted to get health care in the disease .
I wanted it to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view of an evolutionary point of view , you are like <unk> rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that put that routinely Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily appeal to longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution encourages the better creatures adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive to the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish telescopes , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what this means , when we look at what 's going on in evolution , and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- and I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning is that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been <unk> and <unk> from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment so that it could be adapted to us as well as we adapt to us .
And by the way , we migrated , by the way , and we 're getting it so much to us so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that we have to think about evolution .
A second possibility is that we have an evolution of the traditional , natural kind , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in isolation , as a species , the distant planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but play and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what takes the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in your own body , you do the genetic comparisons to cure or preventing disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce cancer risk or eliminating the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of the 3,000 billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost of at $ 20,000 and a week .
Not a lot of missing for the human genome for 1,000 dollars , and it 's getting more and more in the grasp of everyone .
These changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect ourselves , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in progress with the grown flu vaccine in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco tobacco ?
That 's actually today and in the future is going to be more and more possible .
Imagine just two small changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you were able to hang out with the next generation of the machine ?
Why do n't you have a faster squeezing muscle that allowed us to run faster and further distance ?
Why do n't we live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted , we will become the evolution of before we did .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress that down to 1,000 years , and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have before them .
Are we going to use these options for a better , more successful , more successful society ?
Or , are we going to choose different attributes that we want to do for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more boring and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most profound of all : we 're going to be able to develop the wisdom and the wisdom of the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight attendees .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already gotten off the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot flew the plane with the Hudson River .
That 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The most <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a second .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about the people that I wanted to get , and I did n't do it , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences that I wanted to have and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the person 's ready , and the person is there , I 'll open it up .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really has changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as a <unk> of the George Washington Bridge , which was n't for a very long -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes I 've tried to improve all I did .
But in my humanity , I also gave my ego .
And I 'm sorry for the time I wasted in things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels of wonders .
I 'm no longer trying to be right ; it 'll be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I was <unk> , I had the feeling of it , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been charged for that all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go , I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in one thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not very much an artistic talent -- still . And I shout , I cry , like a little .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave them another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would they do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the greatest thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry .
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Her work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , and , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and to its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , do n't you see Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're going to be somebody important and you 're sure you ca n't actually do it . ''
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did anybody to see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're going <unk> the finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed to her brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who is so much in your interior can be able to communicate it . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that lets them project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw on that and they recorded the negative space .
So they go around making art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a cycle of life .
They start with sexual organs , then with bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of organization , a lot of organization was going to move things on one side to another we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could be able to communicate , a machine as Stephen Hawking 's like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> , because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` Do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all the <unk> world from every single corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the children and I , we moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something totally stupid , and that when you 'd have taken off the walls of the walls and in the place that would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the sea walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called `` <unk> , '' and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of <unk> <unk> that we bought in the sea walk in Venice , some copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we set it up on a LED light , and there 's now a device that 's free -- and it 's building one , and we published the software <unk> software low .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no company that says `` not . ''
There 's no hospital that I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense sessions of all night , Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful photo , because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall from the outside of the hospital .
And he came back for the first time in front of his family and friends and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was , we had to break in the parking lot , so we feel like we were eating the graffiti too .
And at the end of this , he emailed us , and this was what said , `` This was the first time I was in seven years old .
I felt like I 'd been underwater , and somebody would finally come to <unk> and take me out there so that I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our war shout .
That 's what keeps us in movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> screen .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us is making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine told us as one of the 50 best inventions , and it was really great .
The best of all -- and this is what ends of <unk> <unk> is that in April this year in April this year in the middle of Los Angeles at downtown Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban <unk> art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty amazing .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> was possible at a certain time .
Do it -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I 'm going to engage myself with wonderful people in order to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we 're going to find something that we feel like we need to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years going in very difficult situations and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine .
It was in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- funny at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in the situations in horrible situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that 's just attractive , interesting , and hopefully , analyzing them in a way that they 're going to be seen cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and the sponsorship wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So , some may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took an ad in <unk> .
I emailed some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` You know , I 'm going to be able to <unk> you : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and based on content you might be treated in the face , especially if I put it in ridicule of you or your company .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that self , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked him a year ago , I could n't have been able to say to it for certain .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we tested the world of marketing , advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've stood in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be able to make it out , for something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as you enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to do a film that 's going to treat the product of products , marketing and advertising , and that all of the film is held with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that all up at the bottom , very beginning , has a brand mark , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> Johnson , the <unk> Center .
These people would take the film in forever .
And so the film is exploring all of this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant ) -- is what ? ( MK : It 's redundancy .
I 'm one another person . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . It was more emphasis . emphasis .
It was `` A forever . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the record of the brand of the X mark , but we 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the greatest shoe that you used to use ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink that you had , <unk> than `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then also to show the brands as part of life , make them <unk> the film ? ( MS : You can make the film .
The goal of the film was transparency .
You 're going to see all the process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to be able to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive is going to be people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle is , '' but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C : Okay . ) John Kamen , I think it 's going to be hard to be a meeting , but that certainly is going to be worth trying to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the film comes out , let 's look at us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell , by the film or for me ?
JK : Two things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Good . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah .
MK : We have a few places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) And I 'll get the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts off the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of a microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so , one of the companies suddenly disappeared .
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this movie .
I was shocked .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and the media scenario separate out , is n't the idea to count with that new car worthy vehicle that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error , and that mistake was this one .
Actually no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been good .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images from <unk> in Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- <unk> or deception -- easily detected or seen ; that 's easily understood , which is characterized by the visibility or information information , especially in business practices -- the last line is the biggest problem , perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians are named , the president , the president , even the CEOs are named .
But all of a sudden , when it comes to something , it 's really changing a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency day -- like that rare bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this strange rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
They took an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started to talk to companies and to tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> history .
We want to tell a story , but tell <unk> history . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me at some lie -- -- and there he 's he staring at it as I used to <unk> , `` Son , there 's three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you can see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , one agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond , and Richard <unk> , I realized many -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take the intermediary and go to the companies myself with all my equipment .
So what I started to see is that what I started to see is that when you start talking to me is that when you start talking to the idea with the idea of your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant movies and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make significant Hollywood movies , giants , they say the reason that their movies are so successful because they have the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who do independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant movie movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically into the movie ?
Every time I 'm coming out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant Ban .
Any moment during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see you a little bit nervous .
I want to help you to get you out .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And so I would offer one of these wonderful smells .
Just `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` <unk> of Paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , inside , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Even Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the type of little movies that you had , we 're a little bit of a rival mark .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people to people is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words were going to use to describe mosquitos ?
Ignorance is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We 're talking about something audacious , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus <unk> combat and sweat .
You keep you cool .
How do we hold you fresh time ? It 's the better volume , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common type ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk unless it 's day to be laundry .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One thing . ( MS : unique . ) Man : One : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray gray things and things like that .
Usually I carry accessories as a sun sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call her casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : Partly hippie , partly <unk> , in part <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pet guy .
They 're making toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because they deliver your commodities .
Man 5 : The five <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be branded by Tom , but I 'm often <unk> at the intersection of dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality .
If they could do that for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photo .
: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings , your way of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live , like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case , and I come along and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and how to be ?
MS : It 's like who wanted to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
: Tell me about why , why .
What is the machete ? What a <unk> <unk> is now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What represents the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more of you , who is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , your brand Morgan 's worth Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 're getting very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies will only be driven by one of their strong strengths or the other rather than to focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's nature <unk> to avoid the things that are not secure , and they 're trying to fear fear , those elements , and you 're actually going to sink and make it positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classical , Apple .
And you can also see here at Target , Wii Wii , a Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come in , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A brand <unk> . What 's your brand ?
If someone asked you to do your identity of brand , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you a top-down attribute ?
<unk> , a bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are like being playful as the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous , or audacious , or audacious , a dominant , dominant , magic , magic , magical or mystic .
Or are you more good for descending attribute ?
You are conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You are established , traditional , provider , <unk> ? Do you mean Oprah ?
You are reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , sacred , contemplative , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies and bottom-up and descending and descending , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain , both for commercial marketing , as for cinema .
We went to San Paulo where the publicity have been banned .
In the entire city for the past five years there are no posters , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are getting forward in schools in the schools with liquidity .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer , or I 've ever had the most successful answer , the ones I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what they did these brands .
And they went to the <unk> , and they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to challenge people , that will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
By the way , the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is now covering a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
They have n't even been presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already started to win momentum .
And it 's not wrong with almost all the agencies that we 're talking about their customers will not be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , you 're pushing them into failure .
I think when you train your employees at risk aversion is preparing their entire company to lack the rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to take the risk .
We need to encourage people who do n't have to be afraid of the opportunity they can do it .
Ultimately , I 'm going to move forward , I think we need to give the fear of fear .
We need to put that bear in a cage .
They 're getting the fear . They 're going to be the risk .
From one <unk> at a time , we need to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we need to harbor transparency .
Now more than never a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And that said , with honesty , honesty , and transparency , all my talk : `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends who for dollars bought the rights of the name on <unk> .
<unk> : Long data in big opportunities for companies to companies .
<unk> is `` <unk> the Transparency . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly about those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check from the TED matrix of TED , the Sapling Foundation , a check for a dollar check to be applied to my TED <unk> for TED <unk> .
The idea behind the brain 's computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their greatest active to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a cash virus on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> walked into the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the nuclear program is <unk> -- mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex at the Windows part : the <unk> would use multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
So that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a lab in the lab that he did n't like our cheese : it smelled , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiencing different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a led attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific setup , and even if the program is trying to infect it is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that 's my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Let 's better end up the goal soon .
And so we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we discovered that I was structured into two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed with very professionally , by people who obviously had all the information inside .
It 's going to be all the points for them to attack .
You probably know how much the operator matches .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that you 've heard that study from Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very much above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code code .
We 're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much the old assembler language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we were trying to engage with the real world , with potential targets in the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , because it 's probably located in Iran , because that 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
They do n't find many thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> , and the <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's get a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants among our customers . ''
I called them , and I consulted them in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
And rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they can certainly make it <unk> , and it can actually make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to slow and <unk> in a obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to decipher the big digital <unk> looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and I found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each cascade contains <unk> <unk> .
That makes sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been from that after several weeks of hard work .
This is routinely <unk> dead ends , and we had to start .
Yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were going to be used to one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and it turns the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should not worry about other goals about Stuxnet .
I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is they intercept the entry values of sensors for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during the robbery , the security camera is feeding <unk> video .
That 's great , huh ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine , you have to open <unk> tubes in a second .
Obviously , this ca n't make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can happen bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And it 's not the <unk> and the security system will notice .
That scares .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could work too , for example , in a power plant , or in a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , like we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
They would be able to get as possible .
And if you made that , with what you 're doing with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers .
We need to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're going to start preparing now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , there 's been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and you give <unk> abilities , or another one that makes users of chairs from the wheels and raise them back .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're nothing different from something that gets in the morning , gives you a great force , which also increases its speed , and help him , for example , to drive the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it into the universe and with other outdoor things .
This is not an unreal idea .
To show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier , which , on average , has to take on his back a <unk> payload , and they 're pushing on to get even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications in the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help address the issue .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or `` <unk> Human Brain . ''
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds through variables through variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to be tempted to crawl and execute movements with great agility .
So what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then I want my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Go back now to look at the wheelchair users , so I feel particularly passionate about it .
There are 68 million people , roughly , in the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage in the column that when you start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We 're also talking about the population that gets older than you think about it .
Her only option , many times -- because of a brain injury or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from his successful initial appearance , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> , who is using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago , and as a result , he could n't go back 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches to send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also a little batteries that gives you the engines to the motors , and on the knees , and they 're making it forward with this very smooth , very natural , very natural , very natural position .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , because of a strange leap in the air , skiing down .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all sensation and all movement from the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So he stole me to the last piece of hope of my self .
The technology of adaptation since then , it has allowed me to learn to <unk> it costs down in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even riding in a bike bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers , but Amanda , and all the wheelchair users , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have their baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of <unk> <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , you know their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done very much emphasis on this thing in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimps are dominated by big , terrifying , <unk> society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> jungle , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War .
It 's no wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo .
The trade of beef and the deforestation make you not can fill in a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the unseen laughter of the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo 's life is more than the <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , they love to play all of their life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , for us , the game is fundamental to establish bonds and foster tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , you see the same evolutionary roots themselves , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a single couple of only <unk> videos .
First , it 's a Bonobo <unk> game ; I 'm not talking about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origins of the phrase : `` he has <unk> <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So the sexual game is both common in bonobos like humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing into the game unusual -- like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time is the most fun thing .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are most <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where you 're going to get into the awe .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water being able to do .
I think , like her , sometimes we 're playing alone , and we explored the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And that 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real hot contact of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But let 's get to the most of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems at least to play , you can be the moments where it 's the most urgent thing .
So , fellow primates , we accept this gift of evolution and play together as well as the creativity and friendship and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting the poverty , <unk> fires as a captain in a fire department .
And in our city , where the volunteers and a highly skilled staff has to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a career standing up against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , it was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in complete night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in pajamas and barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> first came to the captain , and he asked him to go into and save the dog owner 's owner .
The dog ! I was fucking jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell people that I entered a building on a burning building , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to do the next home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and I 'm bringing up this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went up -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> fire firemen that at that height , they 'd finished off the fire and went to the main fourth one to find a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house treasures for the owner of home where , as you would expect , his treasure received a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the house owner by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached a couple of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a voluntary fireman , I 'm a witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of acts of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room in the room that they 've achieved , or they 're by reaching , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , <unk> now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park park .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we can influence somebody 's lives .
So you trained the game ; we 'd hold the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in 1868 with a very simple idea : modules of cement as a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things larger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
So essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , he was assuming this happened .
It was called automatic assembly assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that they 've been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
Consider it made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of building bricks in a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits , a brick at a time .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was only for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how it works .
<unk> are electronic modules , each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they come together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the <unk> , the blue is the stream , the pink is the input and the orange is the wire .
So , you only have to assemble a blue one with a green one , and you can very quickly begin to make older circuits .
A blue one with a green one makes light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator button .
If we change the button by a pulse module , and now we have a <unk> light .
So we 're going to look at this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and weld , <unk> lets us program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make it faster , or slower , you just turn this button that makes your heart rate faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to move into bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything has to be accessible .
We 've given the children to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light night works , or why the front door is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to the design schools .
So , for example , designers without any electronics experience begin to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with bottles of paper , and felt , we have to <unk> by creating ...
So a few weeks ago , we took a few weeks ago to the design School of Design in Design , which does n't have any engineering experience , just in cardboard and timber and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> canyon .
But hang on , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> lobster , which is afraid of the dark .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be everywhere .
So <unk> has opened source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the files of design files and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of makers , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries today .
I work in the solar industry .
And my little company is looking for the environment to focus on the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of carrying .
We can -- we can -- we can continue better to leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm just term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything that is supposed to be hate ; we asked them to work on the government .
The initiative was called `` <unk> for America , '' and they would be like a bit of a <unk> Peace Initiative .
They 've got a few members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending the Third World , we send them to the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the city workers .
Her job is to show the possibilities of the current technology .
So meet me .
This is a fire hydrant from the Boston city .
Here 's how if I would find a quote , but what it really looks for is that someone to clean up when you 're trapped through the snow because it knows that it 's not very good as <unk> fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to help with this singular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment , it was a long time for last year .
They realized that the city was never wiped out the city .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> , I noticed something else : that the citizens are dealing with shovels and sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning up when you 're <unk> .
When you do that , you put a name on it , in this case he put him .
If you do n't , someone can be <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year .
But it does something that no other government technology does .
And it spreads in viral form .
One responsible system of the city of Honolulu by seeing this application realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but for citizens to have <unk> .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> <unk> , but people got batteries .
So he asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided , he decided to use it to make the citizens of the drains .
And Chicago just is just throwing it up to get the people to get out to clean sidewalks when they 're going to go out .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , organically and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't happen normally .
The software acquisition takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that we 've done it by the normal channels that would have taken at least two years and side of two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that until the moment has a corner two million dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's a program for a couple of days and spreads in a viral way is a kind of shot of warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best government to work , not like private companies , as a lot of people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , no restrictions on the open and generative way .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good , because it turns out we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't been given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration before that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from it .
And that is that if you stop the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that they 're doing crazy , the government is , in essence , in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And since the government ultimately made out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it affect the way we produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially a matter of <unk> .
This is the telephone phone center center .
It 's the place that tells the phone calls if you 're going to make 311 marks in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined `` <unk> '' at the basis of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the doors of the house , make music good and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So well by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't make that app .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of the Office of the Boston Bureau of Boston .
One day , this actually came up with this question : `` <unk> in my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do it to leave it ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I came up to the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . <unk> ? Yes .
He turned out the cube . I went home .
Good night , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government to collaboration collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition technology definition .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
connected to the two people .
And it could be connected with government services to be necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper alternative than government services .
When a neighbor helps another person , we 'll have the communities .
If we call the animal control , it costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we need to think about the government is that it 's not the same thing that politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think it 's the entrance to the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and affect our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean , and politics is the surface <unk> surface .
It 's underneath what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that 's keeping us that that belongs to us that we funded as something that is in our against , that other thing , and as a result , we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sexy .
If we want this institution to work , we 're going to have to make the bureaucracy .
Because that 's where the real government happens .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the order of the <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been faced with the government , it 's time that we ask people what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to deal with .
Do you really think that we 're going to get to where we need to go without fix the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't Without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the role of government , so that it can expand to strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not that hard to act <unk> , we just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I said , `` Oh , I 'm a generation older than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; everyone 's going to talk .
They can express their views in any channel at the same time , and they can .
So when they deal with the government problem , you do n't care so much to make your voices .
They 're using your hands .
They give the work to the work to program applications that make better work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking off weeds , dumping a garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they did n't tell the citizenship .
So , I want to ask everybody here , when it 's about the important things that we have to do together , all together , we will be a crowd of voices , or also will we be a crowd of the hands ?
Thank you .
This is a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing that stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things that I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are telling you here have a impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I 'm saying this because I think identity is very important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was harsh , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880s , and his experience with slavery with slavery as I saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little kid , and I was looking at it , and I was like a good hug .
I became so strong I could barely breathe , and then I dropped out .
One or two hours later , I came back to look at it , and I was approaching , and I was like , `` Do you get my hug ? ''
And if I was saying no , I get back again , and if I said yes , I was left in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to her .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of the 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to get their time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room and there were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stare at me .
And I thought I was a game .
And so I looked at it and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she stood up , went through the room , took me out of my hand , and he said , `` You see . The two are going to talk .
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
He took me outside , and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's ask you not . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` Well , the first thing I want to do is you 're going to do n't want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to be <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to do is that you 're going to do the right thing , but the right thing is the right thing to do . ''
I thought about it and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing that I want you to do is you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural . I have a brother and a sister , a little older year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six year-old package , I do n't know where he pulled it , grabbed my sister and I grabbed my sister and left for the forest .
We 're just doing all the crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . We 'll always do it . And you always do the same thing as us .
I already took something , your sister , too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens to you ? ''
I went down with a force , and I went on , `` Ah , I 'm not thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can tell you I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be a virtue ; I say that because of the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to the others that they really do n't see it .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe to be able to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been prison during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage you .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different from what it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people on probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my mind , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or of color , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black and 30 black years is in prison or <unk> .
In urban <unk> all over the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the color of all the color of the color are in prison or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , and it 's about poverty .
In this country , we have a court system that 's a lot better about if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it looks like we feel very quiet .
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems .
We are disconnected .
I find interesting .
We 're looking at our work in our work , some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal <unk> .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote .
And if we 're projecting it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before we passed the law of the law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
A lot of my customers are very young .
America is the only country in the world where to become 13 years old to die in prison .
We have this country prison country , no chance of getting out .
We 're in a process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in the death row .
This issue of death death is interesting .
Now , in a sense , have you been reminded of thinking that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way of how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by crimes crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
Death penalty in America is defined by error .
Out of nine people executed , has identified one that is innocent and released from the death row .
A error , amazing , an innocent in nine .
This is interesting .
aviation would never be allowed to never be able to fly airplanes if every nine that took off , one would have from crashing .
But we somehow isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our payload .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction and the World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were concerned to be bombarded .
The terror threat was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who come to me , and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teaching talks , I 'm teaching talks . They 're going to talk to people who stop saying that in our history for the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial subordination and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamics that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood what we 've done .
All of the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
We 're working with work work . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage in a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome racial segregation without a compromise and the reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , you know it 's good to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death death in Germany .
We might never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` No way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately <unk> , we could put people out . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , did n't make people , especially if they were in most Jewish people ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we really do n't care about these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 've been fascinated by technology . It fills creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by the suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my mind , you need to integrate both of these things .
We talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication , more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And if you think about it , it is , in a way , something that 's within us .
We have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
Now , with innovation , the development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from exaggerated ideas for the heart convictions .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just how brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard .
Often , the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a will for being in despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage you .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allowed us to truly be human , if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were getting together just to talk .
Occasionally , the lunch lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to get together to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes ma'am . Yes . ''
And so she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I 'd just listen to you .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> .
And at one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give him my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We 're trying to confront the biases and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
We try to end up the sentences of life , without a parole .
We 're trying to do something about death death .
We 're trying to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and he looked at me , and he said , `` Oh , `` Oh , hey . ''
And he said , `` Be exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> , leaned on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a thief .
Even if somebody kills another one , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , is not judge us by our technology , by our designs , or our intellectual capacity or rational capacity .
In the end , there 's the character of a society , not in the way the rich , powerful and privileged ones , but by the way they treat the poor , the prisoners , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I 'm <unk> . I 'll finish with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my minds in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> so that they were being told as adults as adults .
And I start to think , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn to somebody who is n't ?
The judge 's <unk> as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night , I was awake thinking -- my God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you have to have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 customer , a small , poor customer , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> so that my 14-year-old customer is treated as a native gay privilege of 75 years , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put there that there had been scientific conduct in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country , there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or really I wrote it ?
For my horror , I was not only <unk> , but he had been sent to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got in the car , and I was truly overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I was in the court car .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
Finally I got out of the car . I went to court .
I was going up the stairs when I came up with a older black man ; it was the courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is it a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
And so I approached it and stand down .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That kind of connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the room of audiences .
When I arrived , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , sir , I went . '' And we started to argue .
People started getting . They were all mad .
I was the ones that had written that crazy .
They got the cops ready to attendees , monkeys .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , all furious , because we were talking about races , because we were talking about poverty , because we were talking about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I got to see how she was going and it was coming .
I would look out the window , and I 'd like to hear all that <unk> .
It was walking over to over here .
Finally , this old black one , with a face of concern , went into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge demanded a break .
During the rest of a <unk> assistant , he was upset because he had entered in the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black assistant .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black stood up , looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of audiences to tell this young man to keep his view on the target with <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds to justice .
That we can not truly be human humans if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind from brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people here who share this , and I just want to tell you that keep your view on the target itself .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a apparent desire of the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a spring in this spring where you 're going to make it an effort to do the funds that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years , and a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't come to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds were going to be able to get the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime crime in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's told you have to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who think it 's like that ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crime crimes .
It 's because of the wrong war war .
That 's why this dramatic increase in prison comes in prison population .
And we let us convince us about the rhetoric punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life to live , by stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against ownership , rather than making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment is nothing done by anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for coming to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats for Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer 2 : <unk> in Somalia . Voice 2 : The police throw off O.C . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Voice 2 : <unk> social . Voice 2 : 65 dead : 65 dead .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> of tsunami : nine : <unk> .
Several <unk> : <unk> War . <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Syria .
Crisis : Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God .
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that press media prefer negative news , because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting much more data than probably the brain can process .
And like nothing matters more than surviving , the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and record all the information is looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So that 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old adage in the press : `` If there 's blood , it 's sold , '' is very true .
And since all digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , is no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world goes from bad at worse .
But maybe it 's not that .
Maybe , instead , what happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water scarcity and energy ; we certainly have them .
As human beings are very good at <unk> the problems and , in the long , we 've just done with them .
Let 's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita has been tripled in the world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful age of human history .
And Charles cliches , that global literacy was 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to make us more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , mobile , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology , and it 's lately , its exponential growth .
Now , my good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law over the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good times and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in recession and booming .
It 's the rapid computers that used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop before any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is in a faster time .
And on this curve , the Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell you today .
The computation in the cloud , which my friends from Autodesk called infinite computing and sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuels and the A.I . and the A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw victory on `` `` `` '' by IBM , from IBM ?
It was spade .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline than I had .
And I loved this one : `` Watson teaches opponents . ''
`` `` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called University University .
We taught these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean create fancy life for every single dweller on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops of Napoleon ate with covered by silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate covered in aluminum .
You see , the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though the aluminum is increasing percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
We 've got this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on an bathed planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> energy every minutes .
It 's not about scarcity . It 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of the generated by diesel : School versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the American parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents the <unk> per hour compared to 15 cents a national average .
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan has pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to Earth , in 1990 , after I went through Saturn ?
I was a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of it is ice , and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's an available technology not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes to nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- your technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water a day of any source , saltwater water , a <unk> for less than two cents a liter .
President of Coke has just thought about thinking about a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out okay , and I have a full confidence in which this will be , Coca-Cola is in the world , in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
So think about it , that warrior , <unk> has better mobile communications in Kenya than the Reagan is 25 years ago .
And , of course , with a smart mobile phone , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton about 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid , and we have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , the libraries of books and music , <unk> <unk> technology now <unk> and lose market value with mobile .
Maybe the best of it gets to me when there 's the applications in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has A.I . , they can coughing on your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics that a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent and there 's 1.3 percent of health care workers .
Now , when this device <unk> a RNA virus or DNA that 's not going to recognize , to call the health and , in the first place , prevent the pandemic .
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion increase .
The white lines here are the population .
We just had the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never heard that you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What ? What would you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people are tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more of the health care thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about some voices before heard ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if you are contributions that we can not predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do things extraordinary -- things that were just able to do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined in and started to play it .
And it 's been shown today the machinery of recognition for human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power today to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> of <unk> .
We have the capital capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're getting to work on to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few decades ahead .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
They probably believed that he met him , but it was n't .
They actually pick fish .
And he described one of them as a `` common . ''
It was grouper .
They got it very caught up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List under the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and elsewhere , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say that they are still intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could get it .
I burned very much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , of some mangroves .
There was <unk> about 20 centimeters , the <unk> of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going for a good moment , so it was made more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the number of fish had dropped in half .
<unk> five centimeters .
We 'll have a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the bottom fishery in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> of Europe made a lot of development projects .
Foreign development was to impose to the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , quite ugly , called the <unk> 4 .
I went out to fishing in it , and we did studies in the South China of China <unk> and , especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured over was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges and other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are blobs of tiny , tiny remains , remains of coral reef .
In short , the sea bottom came on the deck , and then he was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The background happens to be a soft coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They 've just heard it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
Then they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect the fishermen , every time they go to an area where they 've never got fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
We 've got the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this something happens .
On the y-axis we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . Changes because people make things naturally .
Each generation to use the images , they received the beginning of their conscious lives as normal and I extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the pattern of changes .
And in the end , keeping some miserable remains .
And that , as much as we want to do it now .
We want to maintain things that are no longer anymore , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies <unk> kill animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before we go extinct , and it 's a bit of a bit extinct .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose some animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea with great fish .
They become unusual , because they fished .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way that they would expect that to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you have , as a captain , as a captain , and just looked at a lot of fish in this area can not be used or , usually they do n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not a scientist .
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the huge piece of paper that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with the marine protected areas , we really visualize the past .
It 's going to be the past that people can not conceive of , because the starting point has been run and is extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine area , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation from Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why they were doing with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , have been lost .
So my suggestion , the only one I 'll give , is Cameron , doing `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are made viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today the web makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anyone can become famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of YouTube video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , only one little percentage gets done viral , they receive lots of visits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
Oh my God .
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the views in the mainstream of popularity last summer .
<unk> was n't proposed to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain Island .
There were many videos from nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a broader audience .
Rebecca Black : Friday , Friday . You 've got to start Friday . Everyone wants it to get the weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . We started on Friday -- KA : Do n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw about 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency frequency .
So , like , `` rainbow frequency '' -- this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're too Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took the <unk> , and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends take a point of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts to talk about it and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> of `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the past entertainment entertainment of the 20th century , the community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` A Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a music chord .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that has seen four million times .
The cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Someone did a version of the old one .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , a whole thing came up , a whole remix community , which made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we get involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted double <unk> , or Black Rebecca or `` <unk> <unk> ? ''
What script could I written is that we 've written this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days of video , just that really unique and unexpected thing can be made in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who was protest I would protest in New York City , I 'll admit that I was n't very interested .
Casey <unk> : I was going to get a ticket for the <unk> , but there are often obstacles that keep you circular water properly .
KA : Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> managed to see that five million people would see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new approach to the whole new way .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative community communities , the totally unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , a new kind of culture , that we all have access , and it 's the audience that defines popular .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , began on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little bit of masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and it 's just the current media , but we 're looking at the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still going on .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine as the communist <unk> in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , women friends , now they were making it .
They 're going to become quiet .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My job was not going to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a <unk> boat back into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when her father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life was destined for a task alone : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a four-year <unk> that defies fiction , a boat slid into the sea as a fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear were hackers , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother was wearing a little bit with poison .
If we catch up , we 'd take my sister and I would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow on the bow , on the bow , in each wave , and the vast horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of the men in our boat , or the engine dying and <unk> for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man crashing and died , finished the trip was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men in the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a workers of class class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English <unk> were traded in between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a line of cars , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a IT degree .
We were poor .
All of the dollars , all of the dollars , and they 've added some extra mentoring in English and math , would n't matter what you should be able to take away , which was generally new clothing ; it was always two hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to <unk> holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because he had to last six years .
And there was <unk> <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Elephant , come home . ''
A home , where ?
Something in me was <unk> .
I was stacking up determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to go to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I was <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to <unk> .
She opened up a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women were coming with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were stuck in between two worlds .
They got subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classical Asian student , relentless with what I was doing from myself .
On the other , it was very muddied in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many were given aid over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year , I was elected the young Australian woman of the year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but their edges did n't fit .
So I was an anonymous resident in <unk> , was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about places I 'd never heard of , and houses whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat out to the routines and the happy of life in an <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters and two daughters did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and he <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when she got on the boat .
The `` no '' had ever been an option .
`` Do , '' he said , `` You do n't be what you 're not that . ''
So I talked about youth <unk> and education and <unk> the marginalized and the ones .
And the more frankly I talked about it , the more I was talking about it .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a race of law .
I had to have another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an unknown , one recently arrived , new in the scene -- and it 's not just right , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean by <unk> , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
It gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , that the world is broken , but not the way we fear it .
<unk> that had not been <unk> , they were tremendously <unk> .
There was a power there , relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
You know , we went to a small group of people for the `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , I was making a giant soup pot that we all shared .
It 's going to be <unk> at the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up .
It took the decision to move to America .
After a trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved on , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up alone .
The 17 became a <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without her husband 's support , he caused an upgrade to the <unk> and lead her cause , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
He ca n't make it proven wrong .
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died , at 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell us stories , and we make sure that we were still with it .
The night a monk came up and told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold his hand .
And I asked the monk , `` Why is your hand hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
`` Because you have taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` They have n't <unk> it . ''
If you have a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who have come to our lives would have been frustrated .
The defeat would have <unk> easily .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could wish that for itself ?
However , I fear the privilege of how easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , diving brave in each wave , the <unk> rates of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the sky anise , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian epic epic .
In those days , when Indians , we wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , had thirst , pull out an arch and a <unk> to the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced with the magic .
And that 's an awful lot .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I 'm going to tell you this idea of losing the capacity of enjoying and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't help my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
As a little girl , my grandfather gave me his silver <unk> of pocket .
And this piece of technological technology was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of hackers and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent <unk> .
It 's our inspiration .
That 's why I launched , I threw in this technological world to see how to create magic , rather than kill her .
<unk> books since the age of 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a <unk> device able to connect to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where we are .
They collect the text with the image , the animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what is that for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` Keep your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character of the book .
In several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- which is led to me .
So my little bit of interior people are excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I 'm not talking about wizards and dragons , but to that magic of childhood , those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a bottle always gave me very exciting .
So , over here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , they light up your way into what 's going through the book .
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy <unk> in a little bit of a little galaxy .
So here , every book and every world becomes a little bit of a little bit of <unk> that I move towards this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all book books there have always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows and <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain dots of the book it 's also revealed .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another important aspect to me is to create Indian and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
In a story that we 're dealing with today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't come out to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can get our children to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to come out , take the camera or the iPad , and we collect images of different natural objects .
As a little girl , I had a lot of collections : sticks , stones , <unk> and shells .
For some reason kids do n't do it .
So to recover this very childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in one chapter , we would take a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of the crust , and then paint .
So it creates a digital digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking .
Within the variations of the connection between magic , Earth and technology is many possibilities .
In the next book , we asked to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video on , and by augmented reality , you see a group of paycheck that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature is <unk> with technology and magic , and technology goes to one another .
It 's the power of the sun .
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you , and he asked patients , family and acquaintances : What happens ? ''
`` How can we help them ? ''
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that all , or perhaps not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It has a doorknob switch .
Every morning I get on it .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to , you send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him too , so he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same moment where he needs assistance assistance or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you , you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's the pressure of the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also that patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week to be available .
This little <unk> attached to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , <unk> their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients take a position , they come back out of control and being captains of their own ship , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of <unk> care costs , <unk> on demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video .
We all have <unk> controls in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our phones .
We know perfectly where the ATMs machines are in <unk> .
But where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked to the public that : If you see a <unk> , <unk> , <unk> where , and when it 's open , because it 's open , because they 're already open , because they 're sometimes open .
And over 10,000 <unk> <unk> were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use their iPhone , and the next weeks to use their cell phone from Microsoft to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but as well as <unk> .
And we 'd like a global level .
We are <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing state around the world .
Every time you get on vacation and someone crashing , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us understand these <unk> .
You could be <unk> messaging , or telephone people , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in place .
Please help us in this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share it for sharing photography .
Or is it a <unk> photograph ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that can not take their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
I mixed up with my former passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pressed .
For me photography , I had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that I would start by pressing the trigger .
Pictures like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has a unexpected turn .
And despite that , it keeps an realism level .
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism level .
And when I say realism I mean .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
What you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Would you get the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is a perspective .
But in the end , it 's how we interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is it 's realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfect objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way you can create something that still looks like three-dimensional -- as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a photo look like a realistic picture , I think that 's the ones we do n't even think of -- the things that are around us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider that , because otherwise something looks wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will go to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But they combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images have been done with these requirements ; they were taken by the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do n't tell the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally comprised of photographs of different places .
I think I think it 's easier to create a place that is going to find it because you do n't need to be able to put the ideas on the head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in winter , I knew I had a few months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured in a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a rock well .
And yes , I even made the <unk> the house on the top of the island so that it looks more 19-year-old .
So to get a realistic result , I think we need planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is really well meant to be meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , it can be very beautiful and very realistic and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on the technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram I took from a folder .
I 'm not very interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is a analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of the local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other people we tend to see , is a straight line on a log scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something weird here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights on .
They 're more intensity because they 're writing about paper .
Why do we plot the technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I was to draw it on a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transport , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we 'd see a straight line .
But if something like this , you give a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation technology is as fast as the microprocessors , last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move to that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development , that every few years we advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not going to forever forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this as fast as it goes .
Let 's take one of two things .
Or you 're going to become a typical curve , which is like this until something else comes from something totally different , or maybe I 'm going to do something like that .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
This line is in a transition from what used to be the world , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is , what is that new way that takes the world ?
Where new state is going ?
The transition looks very , very <unk> if we 're involved in it .
I remember a kid in the future 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something 's going on .
And we can feel a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of meaning to think about 30 or 50 years , because it 's all so different that I can extrapolate from what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things .
The time scale that I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we looked at every billion years .
So , we go back a couple of a half billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that would spread around them .
If we look at the way these chemicals organized us to give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that moment , I 'd like to have a little bit of a little bit of some of them out of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside its interior .
Some of those oil droplet held a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials from the outside , and the blobs grew up grew up .
And they started to split .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those of the oil lady .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe for chemicals .
And every time you 've been divided by <unk> an unequal distribution of the chemicals they had .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at the time of adding the chemicals around , they grew more , and they grew more chemicals and they split more .
They mostly lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
So , in some ways that we do n't understand this idea , they had learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , they 're going into this meaningless evolution , a script system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it has evolved two and a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being has expressed the exact same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have a hundred white dust <unk> that try to hide the security people of the airport .
But it contains this code -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and it 's worth 10 at 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of for everyone in the present -- in fact , for every person in the world and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I 'd put it in a virus and have spread it out of the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This caused these cells to be happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicating information into the cell communities .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , they evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the penicillin and the <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to be communities that , in a way , and there were a synergy .
From that to survive or failed , whatever if a community was very successful , all individuals of that community were shot more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came up with so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the recipe out of the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't use without the heart , or the one of the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved , and they were produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something that we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't do more than processing information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started into the community in the community being the responsible structures to record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn to do n't eat some fruit because he knew bad , and got sick the last time he ate .
That could happen during the life of an organism because before they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system building these information structures really accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals figured out the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version that we know is human language .
If you think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in the head .
I 'm here sitting here by sitting in a little bit of <unk> , and hopefully , building a similar , vague , <unk> idea , in your heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated , we converted it into sound sound , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now lets us start to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
We now spend similar periods of the multicellular organisms , and we 're going to have our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
telephony , the computer tape , the CD-ROM and so on . It 's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we were doing before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
They already saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of history that told them took a billion years .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next thing , the language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like the electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process feeds back . I suppose we 're going to argue is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of curve .
We see the process feeds back .
But I do my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that we 're working for would not be possible without recent computing advances .
But now design objects of complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
So we say , `` Please please , can you run a hundred million instructions , random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions , to run all of those programs , and take those which most people are going to get to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let me say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we find the programs that are closer to order .
Of course , it 's unlikely to some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , fortunately , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that would better do the task ?
You 're going to get those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 've got the best to put the numbers better over .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following an analog process to sex . ''
So let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , who are <unk> <unk> , and that children are <unk> the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of software programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please , repeat the process . ''
It 's again .
And it took some mutations .
And it 's trying to do it again and try and forth with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in a complicated case , within hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how it works .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they 've been doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a bloodline for hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
I was once on a 747 with Marvin dates and get a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane '' has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to give you a safe flight , does n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole choice .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use those programs to do much faster and so we can run these programs a lot faster .
I mean , it feeds back .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it looks so <unk> .
Because all of these technologies feed back .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analogous moment to the evolution organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we can not understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to our part that we think we are the end product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes the lunch , and I think stop here before I 'm going to tell you .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this begins with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I have a long time long enough to allow me to give up part of my fake prestige in that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit of baseball .
Why right ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of stats .
It 's going to go out , `` <unk> the rules , '' and it talks about the statistics and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm focusing on one of them , and I hope that many of you know it .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , of a God that 's called 300 .
That means that the <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball to the field of play without being caught , and anyone who 's trying to throw it out at the first base , not coming in time , and the second foundation will be saved .
Three attempts in 10 attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> of 300 at the Big Brothers ?
Well , really good , perhaps the team of the stars .
You know what they call a baseball <unk> of 400 ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strikes , they got four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player from the Major League of <unk> to run more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or perhaps less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis and they are derivatives of a surgeon who has also a <unk> record in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you live in a place far away and a dear person has two coronary arteries , and your family doctor is derived from a cardiologist whose record is from 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's dramatically improving this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think has to be the average of the hits of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic or a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical provider .
What we do , however , is sending to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right .
That was the message when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessive student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman Sachs , to a blood test .
Maybe .
<unk> in my little <unk> , at the nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my own kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the <unk> of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and the usual disease .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify <unk> kidney <unk> .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with honors .
And I 'm going to show you from the medical school with the impression that if you were going to lose everything , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because so I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the emergency woman to the emergency service where I was working .
At that moment , I was assigned to a cardiology service .
And when I emergency room , I joined a cardiologist , attend to that patient .
And they report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was gasping .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which struck me about heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these blood fill , and so there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment .
I gave aspirin , and medication to ease the pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could get rid of liquid .
And in one hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake -- he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't pick up the phone , and I did what I should have done , which I was going to call my boss and <unk> with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to be able to add countervailing information .
Maybe I made it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was a <unk> attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it home , I did n't take attention to a voice in my interior who said , `` Goldman Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I was able to ask the nurse to take care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if he goes to your home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said very <unk> : `` Yes , I think it 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance with the ambulance people took her home .
And I went back to the hospital hall .
The rest of that day , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home . I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency service of the way home .
And another nurse , I was n't taking care of Mrs. <unk> before , but another one , and he told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and that is that we see patients .
The three words are : Do you remember ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent his home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I came back and on the edge of death .
In the time of an hour of arriving at home , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance ambulance brought in the emergency with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I barely breathed and I was blue .
The emergency staff will run all of their resources .
They gave him medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the marrow .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was hoping against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , the next few days I was never going to be seen .
He had a permanent brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they were going to get rid of what was happening .
And in ninth day , he left her . Mrs. <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they 're never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
And the next weeks , I was excited about it and experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that sane shame because you ca n't get it with your colleagues .
One makes peace and never more make that mistake .
It 's a shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I was doing things , and it made sure that I did n't tell me .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why I made a mistake that dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by a little bit of that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a cloudy day , it opened up the sky , and finally the sun came out , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if you took the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes , I would go through those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant at the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man with a chest pain .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into her throat , he was a little bit suspicious .
He was <unk> and sent him to his house .
But while he was headed to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to my guard change , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I spoke three words : Do you remember ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in your throat ?
Well he came back and he did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially mortal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but the top air goes , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
They managed to get antibiotics for <unk> , and it recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I was horrified , and I came back to work , until it happened again and again , and again .
Two times in the same city 's turn , it 's not the appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were killed by 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order , an X-ray of your kidneys , but it turned out normal , and a colleague of mine was checking the patient to a certain sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read a liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it .
He went through it , and he noticed some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both were operated on , and they recovered well .
But every case I was <unk> , I devoured myself .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and like many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
It 's just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get back and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how could I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I could now a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you listened to someone to talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe it he would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones that do n't -- those who ca n't sleep and those who have a bad job , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , like antibodies that you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we step aside from medicine to people who make mistakes , we 're going to get a secure system .
But that brings two problems .
In the age of 20 years of spread and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of bad medical accounts and medical errors to learn how we could , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked on a system where the mistakes happen every day , where one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where the infections are more and more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian thousand Canadian medical mistakes are killed .
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there 's things .
A hospitable system where knowledge takes up every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
You sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now let 's take the same patient with a chest chest , <unk> <unk> with <unk> eyes and back to alcohol , and all of a sudden my story was <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They would n't have their symptoms always in the same way .
That 's why the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as well as we were taught , and we remove all the professional rates of error , well , there 's no one .
And how people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white , black art , '' is already a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' and blah , blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? ''
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and they 'd start to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
They 'd be able to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
Your doctor is human , you know human , accepts it , and it does n't forget about his mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
You know , it 's going to be the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching , but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes every time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a storyteller .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm effort to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me close with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take a day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices that he says to choose a half American , are about 70 a day .
Not very long ago , in a research , they went on for a week to a group of companies in companies .
The researchers recorded the different homework tasks for these CEOs and the time that they were trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every work included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of your choices .
You know how many of you belong to the <unk> category , and how many of the one hour ?
How do I bubble the way that those decisions are ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice to the option overload .
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to meet your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please give you a pat .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I had this very high supermarket at Stanford -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There was like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when you take water on the tap .
I loved going to that store , but I said , `` Why never buy anything ? ''
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different kinds , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from millennials .
I was once decided to go to the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this work well to provide all these options ? ''
And he pointed to me the buses with tourists coming up every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway .
They had <unk> different kinds .
<unk> a post for <unk> , right at the tent .
So we put out of six flavors , or 24 flavors , and we looked at two different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what do people have been willing to try to test the jelly ?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case you were more likely to buy a mug mug .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
When you stood up when there was six , we saw 30 percent of them bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six , that if they were 24 .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy jelly jelly , which is less good for us , except it 's a good thing to conserve , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of options is affecting us in a very momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not appropriate .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Hung <unk> , where we 're looking at the savings decisions for retirement about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of money offers available in retirement plans for retirement , the 401 program , encourage people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two , to 59 options .
We found that the older the number of funding used , there was less participation .
So , if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that have two funding , the rate rate was 70 percent or more , not as high as they would like .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to the 50th percentile .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the older the number of choice is , the more people would be excited about avoiding stocks or investment funds .
As soon as there were more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are doing to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is even when this is going against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the biggest decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose less likely to choose less satisfying things , even though they 're objectively going better .
The main reason is that you 'd be able to look at that giant <unk> of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations in order to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing display .
Today I want to add to you about four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research research , so you can test in your business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People always get upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But what we 're seeing is what we 're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of some strange redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales , we 'll get the costs down , there will be a better experience in choice .
When Gamble & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Head : <unk> , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate corporation eliminated all the products for trash of cats that were sold , they have increased profit 87 percent , by two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know that today 's supermarkets , on average , it 's <unk> 45,000 products .
In a tent in Walmart , there are about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world is <unk> and it provides only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle better choice is the question of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the employees of Harvard are automatically identified to a safe standard of life .
The people who really want to choose , are offered 20 , not 300 or more .
You know , people are often saying , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if your employees can not differentiate , they can not make their customers . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was chatting with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people in this audience to a vacation to all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You know there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you 've got more information in the first round of the second round , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images would make them look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of the options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why reason are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
Turns out that it looks more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> of <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> . These people were in a meeting where they were being fed into a 401 plan .
And to that meeting , we would save exactly as he was used , we made a little addition .
What we would add was that we filed the staff to think about the positive things that they were going to take in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent increases and an increase in the number that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the grocery supermarkets , we saw that the northeast supermarkets , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell the difference .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll have a knee .
A few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll have a knee .
Well , something else .
Turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This is totally useless .
The categories must indicate something to you choose , not that defines them .
And so often you see this problem with these huge funds .
`` Who are they supposed to inform ? ''
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think , if you only do it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows us to completely fix .
You have to take 60 decisions , to put the car together .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that provide each one .
<unk> , air outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor Company , changes ; four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order of the decisions .
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors , just a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go out of a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you always get the default button , this tells you that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're missing them .
We found that the ones who are going from many options , push the default button over and over again and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many options , they are going on there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing that I did was alter the order where the information is presented .
If we started the easy thing , you learn to choose .
When you choose the box of changes , I do n't say anything about the preferences of the decoration of the interior decoration , in all ways we set up to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building now has more engaged in the process .
To sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of the options : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives ; <unk> , making it real ; we can handle more categories with less options ; we 'll adapt complexity .
All of these techniques I 've presented to you were designed to help drive alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your business , or people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful how to choose .
And the more careful we 're in our choices better , we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Russian Germany , if you had a typewriter of writing , I had to <unk> the government .
I 'd have to register a piece of text that was written with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a written message that they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that this is going to take the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having some yellow print on each page that makes them one of them and from your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody looks very much like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use the technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on its attackers .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> in Kiev in Ukraine .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , which would take money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media through banking trojans to steal money from our day when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer .
The secret secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is out there . Do n't know his stop .
And I 'm saying that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a foreign crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this goes from bad at worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are going online .
The second group of attackers in importance we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves moves , they motivate them , they motivate them the opinions , they motivate them the laughter .
Groups like Anonymous have been recorded over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the attacks online .
Those are the three main attackers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> as Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national states that attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an intentional authority of the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall , because of a <unk> .
They took the security of the site and led to <unk> .
Last week , I asked last week , in a meeting with representative of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders , if they found the death of people to find the death of people because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer is yes .
So how do people die because of a attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except that <unk> a foreign fighters authority .
And they have a result of <unk> certified .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that happened .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , in Egypt , they looted the headquarters for the Egyptian secret , in April 2011 , and during the building of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was a notes from a company based in Germany that had been sold to the Egyptian government and tools to intercept the communication of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , we found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes further .
<unk> the Internet connection .
We 'd be able to <unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it looks like a bad thing , but I do n't really believe it because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry about ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to argue today , to be forever .
Do you blindly attempt in any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have a major part of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
We got our livestock .
This is one of the people who killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , I was really bad , because it was the only bull bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up focusing a lot of lions .
They died are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions they killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
One child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that I was going to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually it did n't help , because it even helped lions to see the needle in a distance .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
It was trying to trick the lions to believed that I was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and the day lions did n't come .
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch with the one that would turn on and off .
And this is a little lamp of a broken lamp .
It was all .
As you can see , the solar cell load up the battery , and the battery would raise electricity to the little box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the <unk> lights .
As you can see , the <unk> will get out , because that 's where lions come from .
And that 's how you see the lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago and since then , we never had a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
And she had killed a lot of animals , and lions had killed me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now across Kenya , to scare other predators like hyena , leopards , and it 's also being used to pop elephants from the farms .
And thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a fellowship at one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping raise funding and <unk> .
I even led my friends to my community and we set up the lights on the houses that they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , I was just a little boy in the grassland of the savanna , the cows of my father , and I used to watch airplanes , and I was saying that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer from aviation and a pilot when I grew up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a grant . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next thing on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : A little bit electric ?
<unk> : I know they already invented electric fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : So , you know , you 've got it once , right , and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : The cannon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to get it in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed away all the time studying Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Though I was sometimes wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister from my sister .
And he said , `` When I read this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
He was very altered .
I was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
As long as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in his arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
An enormous famine ripped off North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and only few survived eating grass and insects and tree cortex .
They also got more and more frequently , the power breaks , all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , barely across the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which serves from North Korea , and China serves to China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to go secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the early days of starvation , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I only thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I took 14 years to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life as a <unk> refugee .
But I soon learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed by revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Someone had been accused of being <unk> , then <unk> my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , one official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had caught them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These Koreans were not very lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured , locked up or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic than North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard only to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , everything can be done in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided I 'm going to risk South Korea going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country that I could call with pride of mine .
Even though I went to life in South Korea was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the exam exam to university .
Just when I started to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had some money sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outskirts .
They had to flee right away .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border of North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over three thousand miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were still caught several times .
Once our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked the identification of everybody , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I 'd impulse on my feet , and I told him that they were a lot of people who was accompanying .
He looked at me <unk> , but fortunately I believed me .
We did all the way to the Laos 's border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after the border passed , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the frontier illegally .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did all of us from releasing my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from the South Korean embassy .
I was going , and I was between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
They did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man 's voice , `` What is the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and I gave the rest of the money for my family and for another two Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank you all with my heart , and I said , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown to be a new hope for me and the <unk> people when we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I came up in South Korea , and we set up in South Korea .
But achieving his freedom is only half of the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they were coming to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , hands-on language practices , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are in contact with relatives still , and we send information and money that are helping change North Korea from inside .
I 've been lucky , I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Africa an opportunity to thrive in international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans all over the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , rapid food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else , so they changed it to Los Angeles , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South L.A . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like , millions of other Americans , live in a food desert , the Los Angeles Center , home from the places of food to lead and to eat in the car .
The kicker is that the places of food to get kills more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see bought out of the wheels , and they sold as a <unk> cars .
I see dialysis centers of dialysis .
And I think this has to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a band of land that we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet three feet .
The point is , that belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what 's going to come in win , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , Green L.A. , we got together and we started to plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of a paid group in advance comprised of gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city looked at me , and in short , I was given a <unk> saying that I had to take my yard , the <unk> was made warrant .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A order of court to plant food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> <unk> , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , we were a success .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more terrain .
It has 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> millions of tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't you like this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , you cultivate your own food .
You 'll get your own food itself to print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let 's get my children there .
I became a part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I cultivate my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be your canvas .
They simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool , of transformation from my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and <unk> act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
In addition , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother and his daughter , were like the groupers at night , and they were in my yard , went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger , and this is by why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes that people will go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid that they 're going to steal . ''
That 's what it 's on the street .
That 's what it is .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to give your health . ''
There was another time where I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the middle of Los Angeles .
These guys , they helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them , and how they used to plant their mom and their grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has arrived , maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , about 50 people who come from , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids cultivate <unk> , the kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects the mind and your body , they eat blind that you put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're trapped in . I see the color of color that are in this path designed for them , which does n't carry it anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
The next George Washington is produced .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffeehouse .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because it 's not sustainable .
So the kicker is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , getting the kids out on the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of cultivating their own food , opening farmers of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners .
We need to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Do you get them to take your backhoe right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to see me , I 'm not called if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come into the garden with your backhoe so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) probably all will agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material for driving , but not always , especially not in days as today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that makes a splash .
And especially if you 're going to set up in your bike , and these cars go through , that 's not really nice .
In addition , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to the cities , we 'd want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make a <unk> roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so all the rainfall water will flow out the side and you 'll have a road that 's easy to drive , and you do n't get water that 's not more .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very wide , all the noise will go , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is getting rid of ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then many more and more and so on , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more harm .
Sometimes you can create bumps with that .
Oh , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous bit , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , it 's <unk> , and if you <unk> , they will be made apart and <unk> from <unk> .
So , if you drive through the road , you 'll get <unk> -- like we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you have to do is to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow through these <unk> , and the stones are <unk> back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big bike machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm going to take you up to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tested many samples there , and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So they donated a bit of a road , 400 feet of the <unk> highway , where we had to do a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this highway will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
So we got the samples of the samples , we put a lot of charge in them , the limbs then with our induction machine and the branches and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using for induction for , actually , increase the life of the surface of the road , you can even double the surface of the road , you can even double the surface of the surface .
And now , of course , you 're really curious about whether it worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first first before I can show you how the repair acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to News ' home in his little gray radio .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news generally <unk> it .
`` The Taliban went . `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A school really .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were <unk> from Afghanistan and made illegal girls that girls went to school .
For the next five years , I was shocked as a child to <unk> my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate them .
Every day , we took a different route , so nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books on market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
School was in a house , over 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were going to break our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Every day , the school was suddenly closed for a week , because the fairy Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
It was a total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan . <unk> that his daughter , my mother , outside to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He took two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of all his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk not to educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember moments that I was very frustrated about our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , you still want to do n't want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself here proud to graduate from <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was <unk> from his home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just my college degree <unk> , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who took him over the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity .
And I see his parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> by them , despite and even in front of an daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went along from <unk> to his village , and they literally agreed to be killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When I arrived at his house , they 're the phone , a voice told him that if he was still sending his daughter to the school , they would try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized about Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of the bright future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school , they have hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I fear these changes did n't last long last long , after the retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were going to participate for them , that the interest , I see the future <unk> and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities for endless possibilities , and every day <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you will never get back a revolutionary situation of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the surge of mass <unk> and so much of the Tunisian <unk> revolution as the Egyptian .
One forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it -- it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the edge , pushing the fall of the regime , they 're carrying banners freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 people , we managed to liberate our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society 's society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I have loved , along with a lot of other women , rebuild civil society <unk> , they 're pushing out a inclusive transition and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
About 200 organizations in <unk> during the past , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , and I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the <unk> of Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> range of women and our own right .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , and an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is expected of the selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was <unk> and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , gradually the exhilaration of elections and the revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found out of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the old mosques of mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> the story of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the Army Army Army Army Army .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militia government and his nonstop violations of the human rights in the prisoners and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , a revolutionary mindset , became more , and it 's removed from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
The intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all to inspire you with our story of the `` list <unk> '' and the elections .
I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we 're choosing the wrong decision , we made the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the elections did n't get peace and stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidate brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why our society is still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men as for women ?
Perhaps what was missing was n't just women , but the values of compassion of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than what the election needed , that only <unk> polarization and division .
Our nation needs the horror representation of the most feminine feminine thing to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage of outrage and <unk> days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female discourse , which is not only <unk> , but also putting mercy in mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , torn out of war , desperately desperately needs the end to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy , which is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between female perspectives and men .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to set out that in an existential way before we do it in a way that we do .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` It 's the word of the god gracious . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- the female and motherly , which involves all of the humanity that the men and women , that all tribes and all the towns have been <unk> .
And so , just like the womb is completely covering the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is providing all the existence .
So you say , `` My mercy is all about all things . ''
And so we say , `` My mercy is going on about my anger . ''
What are they going to do to all of you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to tackle is the one that everyone does always : Why is she left ?
Why would anyone be going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just slept at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and a editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green American Express , and had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , and he went to my head with a gun , charged with bullets from <unk> .
The man , who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , love in love , where every year millions of women fall over , and even some men .
It could even be your story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm a <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 , among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> & Johnson .
I 've been about 20 years old , married my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black estrogen and I drive a jet <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all races , all the religions , all income levels and education .
It 's all over the place .
And my second message is that everybody thinks domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and abuse of domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , in the families , the last place where we 'd want or we 'd expect to find violence , which is why the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who is hitting , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and wounded husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in the New York subway subway and started with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he also had just had a university from a university of the Ivy League University and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most was that it was ready and fun , and it seemed like a guy in the field .
He had a little bit of big <unk> as apples , and a stalk hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he did , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it about all the <unk> principle on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything about me : it was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who would be passionate about helping girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me as a female writer , as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And so that 's why the degree in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him .
I did n't know that the first phase of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go out of New York and leaving the work of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> , and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was moving into a physical , financial trap , financial psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to put the threat of violence to see how she react .
And here 's where those guns are coming in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to be able to feel so secure had to be so secure .
One had the <unk> of the car .
Another one he kept underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived from small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never lifted my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's wedding suit and married .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we live happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very distantly .
It was just very overwhelmed with the wedding and by the fact of being a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never make it harm .
I spent twice as much in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong on my head , which he <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , got off by traffic and threw out a Big Mac <unk> to the face .
<unk> went on to <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was shocked when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One out of three American women is the victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in his life , and the Center for Disease Control is reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
Going back to my question : Why am I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was picking up of me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help advise their demons .
The other question that everybody asks is : Why do n't it just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
To me , this is the saddest and agonizing question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
Over 70 percent of domestic violence in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has been ending to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to marry , and financial resources , and our family judicial system manipulation to the victim and their children , who normally are forced by the judges to spend time not <unk> with the man who supports their mother .
And we still keep asking why just is n't it going ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat , beating my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
He told the whole world : to the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , full unknown , and I 'm here today because all of you .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Guilt is theirs for staying , '' as if the victims are intentionally crying in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a troubled lesson from what happened to them , and that they will rebuild their lives joyful and happy lives like they were , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a really typical domestic violence survivor .
I became married with a cute little guy , and we have those three children .
I have that black estrogen and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to have never ever been , ever , is a handheld gun pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says it wants me .
Right now , they 're just like , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , what stupid time was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there are a few people , that you 're listening to me right now , who are being battered or that they were from little or that they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , to their sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse thrives just in the silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence just throwing light on it .
The victims we need everybody .
We need every one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Keep the abuse to the light talking about it with your children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They 're going to look at their vision of survivors like fantastic , lovely people , that have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe safe and peaceful oasis that they should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call it Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that at this moment there is a uncomfortable tension in the room because I should n't have a dress like this , luckily , I 've brought my clothes to change .
This is the first change in clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of kind of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I came up , they do n't have to be <unk> now , but I 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is going to go through this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so I do n't do anything as it covers me .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I 'd never had a boyfriend in the real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me that I was going to hold my back and the hair of the guy 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or a tan , like that I made me two days ago for the work , there 's very little us that we can do to transform what we look like , which , even though it 's shallow and unchanging .
So today , to me , being brave , it means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do me , but I 'll be honest .
The first question is , how does it get to be a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , '' but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I did a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the last few centuries we have n't only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a <unk> , <unk> shape , <unk> and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to leverage for money .
And I know there are people in the public that now shows you skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers .
First of all , you 've been able to know so much of models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student in New York City University , and every single role models on the runway , and the <unk> models , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always ask me is : Can it be a model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not asked for that .
But then , what I would really tell you to every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yes my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the <unk> of the American <unk> magazine , or the CEO of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that we want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike the <unk> surgery , you can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you say , you know , if you said , you said , if you said , you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model underwear for 10 years , people would look at you
The next question that people are always doing me is if all the photos are <unk> .
And yes , you 're pretty much <unk> all the photos , but that 's just a little bit of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my time .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
That 's my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two photos are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a feast a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those photos .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they can create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do you make things free ?
I 've got a little bit of a <unk> high and I never use it , except the couple previous two , but the privilege I get is the ones I get in the real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I went to a store , and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver , and he jumped a light in red , and , of course , you stood up , and it took a feel , and it took an agent in order to keep driving .
I love these privilege for me , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for what they look like who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers that stood up and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black black men and Latino in New York , so for them , it 's not a matter of <unk> ?
And how many times do I get bored , and when ?
When I do research for this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the girls ' girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure rises by 78 percent at the 17 .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is : If you 're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 're going to feel very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say , `` It 's really wonderful to travel , and it 's also amazing to be able to work with creative and creative people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of it , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about it every day .
And if you 've ever asked , `` Do you have a little bit thinner legs , and the hair brighter , be happier ? ''
They only have to come together with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and clothes more than fashion , but they 're probably the most insecure women in the planet .
But especially it was difficult to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope that everybody is more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have the success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since it was the big enough to hold a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 <unk> photos , and I did n't have a person who pulled them out .
There was no artistic directors , or <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a very low care of lighting .
In fact , most people were taken by random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to happen to New York City just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take <unk> to New York on a <unk> trip and you go on the ritual ? ''
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of it .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
Never no one has been denied and , fortunately , never no one has ever gotten on the camera .
At the time , we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in a way that a six-year-old girl could understand it .
These photos are much more than a concrete moment representations or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop the time in a October week and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only in the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , while we always take the same photo , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives it and interacts with everything .
That particular time that we spent together is something that we expect with illusion every year .
So recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the tent that I loved from little on previous visits .
And he described to me what had felt about five years of foot at that same place .
<unk> that reminded his heart of <unk> with strength by looking at that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things that we create is the memories .
So , I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the familiar photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the photo , and you 're not going to convince someone to come up with someone and ask him , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
vultures are in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do you have such a bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs , <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter and applause , and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't hold clean the environment , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly diluted out . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , vultures have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There are the rabbits in the New World that are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the <unk> , the Old World Park , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 people face a high-risk risk .
So , why does vultures are important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our peak of natural trash .
They 're going to get bodies to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria , and they help absorb the anthrax that it 's not going to spread and it would cause great loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no intervention , the dead bodies take three to four times a lot of time in <unk> , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
vultures also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the old Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the motherhood , and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the 10 head of heads .
In the <unk> culture , they 're very important at the open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these halls provide a system of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are in the extreme endangered days .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that you 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old , and the reason is because they fall off of the livestock of livestock that has been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's there there , there 's been a spread on the number of street dogs in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time for anger , the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines are doing this to birds , and they cut them through half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible commercial trade of incarceration to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to do anything .
We need to work with governments on regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , the need to appreciate these amazing creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? You can make assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 'll get your time to spread the word . <unk> the word .
When you go out of this room , you will tell you about vultures , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about vultures .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed because he saw them flying without effort , without energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , being much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Each thing I do , and everything I do , I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
It 's since 1971 until 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia . In technical cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project we set up in Africa , I failed .
And I was disturbed .
I was thinking , to the 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing on <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we arrived with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the local people to grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to tell them to come to work , and sometimes , they did n't come . We were amazed that the local ones , in so fertile valley , they had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we simply said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just time to save people from starving . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully grew .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look what easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> came from the river , and they ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` Why did n't they say ? ''
I was going to make Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what they did the English , what they did the French , and after seeing what they were doing , I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
We 'll see the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we would give them to the <unk> of Africa .
You want to read a book , read `` dead . '' <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that that money has caused .
They just read your book .
It 's from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
We Western Westerners , we are Mormon missionaries , and we treat people just in two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , it means two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anybody in a different culture as if they were my children . `` I want you too much . ''
<unk> , I deal with everyone in a different culture as if they were my servants .
So the white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respecting .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this lecture put a stick on the ground and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided for 27 years to just respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you 're never going to engage anyone , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the local servant , who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and they sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do .
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
<unk> entrepreneurs , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't even meet their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one , and we work face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family doctor of the business , which is set up with you in your house , on the kitchen table , in the coffee table , and it helps you to find the resources to transform his passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage where we came to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
And so the government goes off , and then the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most grandiose business advisers in history , died in '96 a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of mortality of the business of business .
So now we 're going to turn around <unk> unable to know what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to talk to you .
You have to give them some of them , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help you , and then <unk> , come on mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show you more like this morning ?
And so passionate about the local people . That 's what you have to do .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution going to be not renewables , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a form of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we need to consider , is how we fix , cure , we educate , we transport , we communicate , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it .
They 'll be the entrepreneurs , and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futurist many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year per capita .
And in the modern year , they got together this group of people , and they were trying to figure out what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they talked , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population of New York around , and they took six million horses , and the dung produced by six million horses would not be able to address .
They were already becoming dung . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that was <unk> New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , in the United States of the United States of the United States of <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few factories , <unk> , factories in places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them some of them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to a conversation with you .
Then you have to give them a complete , dedicated , enthusiastic service .
And then subsequently , you 'll have to tell you to tell you about how to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three things <unk> : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that I can do , sell and look for money .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've done research and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world icons , election , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of it was started by one person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` we , '' 32 times .
He was n't only when he started .
Nobody 's starting a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business business environment in coffee bars , bars in bars with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did for you , what someone did for this epic , someone who asked you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you ?
Okay , can you be selling the money ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't change a lot of knowledge , even though we share the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much are my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How would we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for cows to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect on our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love in New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> , which gives shadow to lovers , drunk and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
That 's a parade in New Orleans , a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest <unk> properties of the U.S .
I live close to this house , and I thought about how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , like a mother for me .
Their death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this gave me a profound gratitude for the time living .
He gave clarity to the significant things of my life today .
But I 'd be able to keep this look in my daily life .
I think it 's easy to be able to be able to get off a day and forget the really important one .
So with the aid of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house left off on a giant board and painted about her phrases `` Before I die . ''
So , pedestrians could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy . `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to do it again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams , and hope of people to get me laughing , and I was <unk> , and they gave me comfort at hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone , it 's about understanding our neighbors in new , new ways , and it 's about giving your reflection on reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
And so with my colleagues in civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've been done in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things that we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our own age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways of conserving perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even think , but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that we became more empowered .
And when you think about death , we 're going to think of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hopes , fear and stories , the people around us can not only help us better help , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single petition .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it transmits joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
The shares would unconditionally happen to happen .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
They do n't care about religious differences and think about this : never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to tell his words that I did n't even remember me , I 'm reminded of one thing : how little little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year that every single one of the songs of my iPod was , conversations that we had when I was four years old , I would pee on my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Lady Gaga .
Does n't it be amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , often they are ignored and <unk> .
But what that propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although you would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual is different in a different way , that 's where it was so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , you 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that are quicker to rise in the world , there is no cause to be known .
I do n't agree with my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new thing in my life .
When a few months passed , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
They lived alive and poured into his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the car in a row around the room , watching the washing machine and eating anything that was between half .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a kid who was looking at the world without prejudice , a human being that had never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , moments that I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that it 's things that I would n't want to change by normal .
The normal goes on the top of the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and to Sam and you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the pursuit of normal is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change in the time in which we tried to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what must have been going to be Alice in the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a communication class to engineering students .
He was scared . It was really scared , <unk> from these students with his great minds , their big books and their great , unknown words .
But at the age of those conversations , I felt what Alicia should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I felt when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised by the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , between others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please get <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and the engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that you simply study the <unk> , but you study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the lingo .
The lingo is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` space and temporary , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing that make them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and it 's ways of connecting and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting their work , forget the word `` bullet '' sign .
They 've been wondering why `` bullets '' -- what do the bullets do ? The bullets are killed , and they will be killed .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's being supported by the area of the language of our brain and we 're overwhelmed .
Instead , this <unk> of Red Brown is much more effective , it shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we 'll give the graphs that we 're going to do with our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what describes it .
I think these are just some key things that can help the rest open the door , and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds great .
And `` <unk> '' means `` rogue politician . ''
Although there was a journalism poet in the 19th century who defined her a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for a public charge , no matter and platform or principle , and that , when he wins , it gets the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what `` <unk> . ''
One thing to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the unusual name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He was thrown into the London Tower and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to cope with them , and at the end he had such a popular support in London he won .
And just a few years later , we had the first recorded <unk> of the phrase `` <unk> this <unk> . ''
Most of you think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of a freedom advocate of expression .
But to show you how the words and policy interact , I want you back to America , right after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
All kinds of suggestions they might have been introduced .
Some of them wanted to call him `` State of Washington , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the U.S. American People .
Not very appealing .
Some people wanted to call `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And they did n't even know about it , they had the idea that one could be chosen for a certain run .
And I could have served .
Everyone was immensely tired , because this debate was taken off for three weeks .
I read the diary of a slum Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King if I was giving him to him or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give the title of the most modest title , and they wanted to give the title more modest and more unfortunate than it came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was just the title before , but it only meant `` somebody who was a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I had no more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There was a little <unk> of little <unk> of little colonial measures and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was like .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we can not call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and come together with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's going to take seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give out .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been helped by the President 's President .
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to go there , hoping that the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and what I want to leave you with is that the President of the President of America does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial aerial vehicles and so on .
Reality and history have endowed with the title of <unk> .
So in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their <unk> title .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , it was a uniqueness of then .
But how many nations are you now president now ?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won , and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes a lot more the words that they could change the reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is hot and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see a lot more .
I hear voices that are talking about , but most of all , that cacophony of <unk> male <unk> and stones with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap light flashlight attached to my head with this <unk> rubber band , and I can barely tell the branches that are holding the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
I took my hand up , and suddenly I remember a miner that I met before , who lost over and dropped <unk> feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep at that hole at the risk of the risk of the risk without pays or reward and often dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they may never do it , because they are prey .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> on the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met an area of <unk> the <unk> , which is an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and actually , I started learning about slavery because I knew there was in the world , but not as a degree .
When we end up talking to me , I was very bad -- I was totally ashamed of this terrible thing to ignore this terrible thing , and I thought , `` If I do n't know how many people do n't know it ? ''
I got a <unk> in my stomach , and weeks later , I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> the <unk> and offered my help .
And so it started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even , I considered them my second home .
But this time , the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of displaced Africans during all of the slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a desperate farmer was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of a $ 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , it can be enslaving entire families for generations for $ 18 .
Amazingly , slavery generates profits from over $ 13 to a year across the world .
Many have been fooled by false promises of good education and better work to find out that they are forced to work without pay , under threat to violence and can not escape .
Today today , slavery operates in trade : long-term for slaves , they have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
The slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange , weird show was like entering ancient Egypt or Dante 's hell .
<unk> at a temperature of 54 degrees , men , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up in a heavy susceptible to <unk> piles of bricks in their heads , until 18 to the time , and they take them from hot feet to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over time for 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made it very inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera got too hot , and I stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the equipment and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was next to me quickly grabbed me and he said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that I 'll demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was n't a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a slightly worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and working inside the system for his release and he trusted the system .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart broken .
In the Himalayas , I found children carrying rocks for miles through mountain ground to trucks they were expecting down .
These big things were heavier , than the children who had charge and the children holding them into their heads with <unk> <unk> , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they 're working 16 17 hours a day without <unk> because this has been all his life .
They do n't have anything to compare .
When these villagers inherit his freedom , they burned completely their homes .
When you hear the word word we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , in Kathmandu , women <unk> women who had been previously known sex slaves .
And I took a little bit of a little bit like a little bit of <unk> that would give up this dirty basement of dim light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , they 're local for posed prostitution .
They have small , private rooms , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the customers and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol .
Each position is dark and dirty , identified by a number of painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers are often suffering sexual abuse to their customers .
standing in dusk , I remember making sense of an <unk> hot fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what it must be caught in that hell .
I only had one way out , the stairs where I went into .
There was no backdoors .
There were no windows big enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we 're playing a hard issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor .
I went to Indian villages in which there were entire families going on in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black <unk> hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and they dip the silk into the liquid into the <unk> , but that 's toxic .
My performer told me .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , be able to get out of this house one day and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest <unk> lake in the world .
When we got , I went to take a quick look at it .
I saw what seemed to be a fishing family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense right ?
Wrong . They all slaves .
Kids are separated from their families trafficked , missing and forced to work on top of these boats in the lake , even though I wo n't know swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering ; it was the subject that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of the trees are submerged in Lake Volta , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they 're thrown into the water to unlock the branches .
Many people drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of her love , it 's not going to run away and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> all the young slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were up the last networks , but they had been working on the past .
In the cold and windy night .
And it would fit out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a refuge in which he <unk> the <unk> of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will be because someone decided to make a difference in your life ?
<unk> out of a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his bike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
They asked us to get it through a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the path , we would get away from the car , and asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Go . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that <unk> the path and after walking around an hour , what we found is that the path was taken away by the recent rains , so I put the photos of photographs on my head as it was <unk> in these waters .
After two hours of walking hours , the <unk> path ended up suddenly , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all filled with workers enslaved .
A lot of women had children tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked in the surface waters with mercury .
mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that would then be shipped back to another area where the stone was going to be able to extract the gold .
On the first view , the site seems to be full of strong , strong men , but if we look closer , the margin , we see the same least fortunate , and also children .
They are all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and poisoning pollution in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , he took him to work with him in the mines .
When he died his uncle , I was <unk> the debt of the uncle who force him to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors said that he should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet to that , it 's forced to work on night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams with being liberated and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , the face to a remote possibility , which is inspired by a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that you knew that we will give them to them and we 'll do everything as possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are n't magazines . They 're people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that happens I do n't think about these beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
Now , I hope that these images will wake up a force in the people you see , in people like you , and I hope that that force would turn a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make applied mathematics , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom we do : we are like management lawyers .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try and try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the ballet <unk> and the <unk> dancers that we 'll see later .
But the ballet ballet is a degree of training , a high level of skill , and probably some initial competence that can be a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , they 'd gradually destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> , which , at the time , was a <unk> dancer <unk> .
Over the last few years , there 's been progress on the treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable energy , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we 're going to know if there is a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's so frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there 's no biological markers , and so the best thing we have is a neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , out of clinical trials , you never do . Never do .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
So that would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could be done by the test themselves ?
It would n't be needed .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in a neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a <unk> way to try , you see , in some sense , at least at least , we 're all virtuous as my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds to talk , we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn how to talk .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal cords as they vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it affects the limbs .
On the bottom plot , you can see a <unk> example of the vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal shake , weakness .
The discourse becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials , and they 're both invasive .
The neurological test is not invasive ; they both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
And both of them are skillful . Okay , but in addition to <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They 're done very quickly , they 're about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're <unk> , and we all know what happens .
When something takes so low , it appears to massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulty of patients .
I would not have to go to the clinic for the <unk> <unk> .
<unk> monitoring , we could get objective data .
We could actually make a massive low-cost <unk> for clinical trials , and for the very first time , <unk> doable in a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers in the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps today , in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with without Parkinson 's , can call under price and leaving recordings for a few cents , and I 'm happy to announce that we already have six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , can be able to say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not pass it out . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample from data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking for <unk> the confusion factors in pursuit of the real disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what 's going on the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , audience .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We were hanging out in the dark , rooms without windows and , usually , avoid sunlight .
We make the <unk> models yet , the perfect skin is still more perfect , we can do the impossible , possible and <unk> in the press all the time , but some of us are really successful artists with many years of experience and a real taste for the images and the photograph .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishing village located in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the earliest people affected by the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inland .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We bring rubble out of the channels and the ditches .
We took up schools . We took the slime , and we left the houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , <unk> from the local factory .
We were shocked and we loved it .
For weeks , so many volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found photographs and photographs of photos and cameras and cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and deploy them to different places of villages around the villages of all of them .
It was n't until then I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal loss that people had suffered .
While it was fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help to help in a city center of the village .
It helped to clean the potluck together , the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the town where the city center takes the pictures .
And I had the honor of them , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I was going through my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had over a hundred years , some were still in the lab over the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night , I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started sketching the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had taken the face of the girl in the face of the girl , I had to get up with a lot of precision and it 's .
In another way , that little girl would not look at her , and that would be as tragic as having a spoiled picture .
Over time , they arrived for more photos , and they needed more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people come to join .
In Japan , in July , we took action to <unk> , a village town to the north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time it took in <unk> is a different story , it was dependent on the <unk> of the photos .
It could mean one hour . It could take a few weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw in pretty much hand using the areas of the areas whose color and detail had n't destroyed it .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , and it 's all over the time , and I keep <unk> , so it 's a big part of the project .
We could n't play the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have a remarkable neighbor 's guide .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos are damaged .
As once once he said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman brought us these pictures was kind of a kind of relationship to photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped realizing that it was even more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single photo , and I tinker with the whole picture .
When they collected their pictures shared some of their story with us .
colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble quite far from where they used to be their house , but their colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as <unk> <unk> .
Their young children , not so small now , but their two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I handed her his photos on his youngest son to <unk> .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back to look , something that could remember from the past that would n't have been marked by the March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined up with hundreds of them , and they helped us to clean up with more than 135 photographs , the vast majority of them -- the vast majority of them became the hands of their own owners .
More than 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us back to 90 families with fully <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't do more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
One photo is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone dear .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing that we would take , but the first thing that we would look for .
This was about the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring back to someone their connection with the past .
When a picture like this is sent back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the person 's life that receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the lives of the <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , give them something , using their talent to something that they 're not just models of perfect skin .
In closing , I 'd like to read this email . I was Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , I was moved , because a similar photo of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hang on our wall .
In the entire world , in all the few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single millionth of a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> , a new technique that can create <unk> videos of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after the corner , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the interior of the body without using X-rays , and they challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and it 's going on , and it 's going to be on a second <unk> , or it 's , in various <unk> , create a <unk> package of just one millimeter wide .
And that package of photons , that bullet package , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
So if we took that bullet , and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do you follow those photons inside this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coke 's not <unk> this research . It 's a lot of things in this movie , and we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , you go into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to <unk> , and that , inside , starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes down , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
A lot of the photons finally arrive at the cover and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble bouncing inside .
And at that time , the waves travel through the table , and because of the thoughts of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after various frames , the thoughts are concentrated .
Now , if you take a common shot and current , and we get it to go the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much do you think that would take us to see that film ?
A week ? Actually , a week ?
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about a taste of dead nature ?
You can see the waves that <unk> from the table , the tomato tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like <unk> a stone in a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a photo , I thought , from a <unk> at the time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this kind of tomato , you 'll realize that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still brilliant .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and light bounces inside and forth , after various <unk> <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in their mobile phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we took a photo at the low exhibition , it goes very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'm just going to get some light .
We sent that bullet , that 's that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all these raw data and make it very interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door , and it 's going to go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a mannequin and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at a slightly different time .
And as we have a camera that works like this quickly , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporal resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances all the way to the door and also all the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point that is going to what distance .
By projecting a laser , you can record a photo in raw , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But will we take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , and we 'll pull them up and try to analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going on the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected through open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for the <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so actually this is an order for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new pattern of visualization to solve the brain 's health care problems .
So like Doc <unk> , he 's a scientist , turned science into art , an art of photographs .
And I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific views , but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to know .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a few <unk> .
But here 's something fun here .
If we look at the waves under the cover , these are going off of us .
The waves should move to us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . A Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes goes through the camera .
You know , the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and you give you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , a crime can <unk> a crime in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and initiate a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , to move it into <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting about a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathering it in pursuit of a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who is a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones .
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow .
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about myself , from my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
Data in gross .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the foundation of the E.U . showed a directive .
The <unk> of Data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider of all Europe , has to store a whole range of information from users .
Who calls whom . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use your mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And in all Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data traffic .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone to the phone and the Internet providers that 's stored all of this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , fear . ''
And some people even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also asked myself if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time using your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please pay for all the information they had about me .
I asked them one time , and I went back to ask for , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So that 's why I decided to do a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give this information .
At the end of the <unk> , I mean .
They took the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty thousand <unk> , 30 thousand information lines .
And I saw I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . OK .
But after a while , I realized that it is my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
It was a little bit skeptical , what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I spend the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retrieval of data means .
So , along with the Open Data and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a six months of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go back and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> to <unk> , and how often I call the way .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
But all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife , and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they 're called them .
And then you call the other , and the other one , and we end up with this great communications network .
You can see how people communicate with each other how time they call each other , what time time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who tells me a email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said to the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who I was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And , as a result , I was not the fall of the <unk> <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When they come home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not very fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative one who only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to help them remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , and so I 'll get it all over time .
See .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
There is no genetics .
It 's not <unk> or contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus of my mother and not the <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they wanted to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the commercial mall , drive in circles for parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and there 's C. C 's just one of them .
There would be a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe they should do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial ones .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
A lot of brain palsy , they do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; to dance to <unk> . ''
If my three major sisters , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents were <unk> to the school system , and they were reminded of that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top note , we had all the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me to walk at the age of five , putting my feet on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that it was <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion he has received a lot of beat .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
There are now 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family , I think nobody realized we were not Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think of appropriate to use `` hate to Muslims '' as a campaign slogan .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of <unk> who died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating , so early at dawn at dusk is very easy .
I ran off on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't pay physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing a heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were concerned that if we did n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we were shocked by Madonna .
On the summer holiday often my father was trying to be <unk> , so I would drink milk of deer , they get me to get me hot cups on my back , and I was reminded of the Dead Sea , and I remember the water to me , and I thought , `` It works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before I did yoga , I was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents had a sense that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a fellowship for the <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was coming in all of the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the least smart tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass zoo , my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with brain palsy .
I was a <unk> girl .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I 'll finally have a role .
I have brain palsy .
At the end , free , free .
Thanks to God almighty , I 'm a free man . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave birth Brown .
I went to <unk> the director of the theater department , crying historically , as someone had killed my cat , asking him why , and she said that they could n't make the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't make the risk scenes , you ca n't make the character . ''
It was a paper that literally had been born , and they gave a <unk> actor .
I was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors without disabled roles .
When I graduated from , I went home , and my first tour <unk> was like extra in a soap opera .
My dream became reality .
And I knew it would be <unk> friend , `` Better friend crazy , '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , and I would n't see myself more than the back of the back , and it was obvious to me that the directors of directors did n't make <unk> actors , not white , with disabilities .
It 's just <unk> to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made it <unk> .
In my first tour , he took New York from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedian that he took when he was going at high speed on the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had brain palsy .
I worked in clubs all over America , and also Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you never heard that little rumor that we 're saying that women are not fun , and they find very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and I 'm going to remind you to the United States directors that <unk> and Arabic is not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma challenge .
My big opportunity arrived in 2010 .
I was like invited to the cable news program -- behind Keith <unk> .
I went into it as if I went to a graduate dance , I went to a studio and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
And she looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two , two . ''
And we were live .
So I clinging to the host desk to not go out of the screen during the size segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't get me back .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to inviting me , but he was like a full-time participant and hit my chair .
A funny thing that I learned in directly with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that children are cruel , but they never get rid of me , or a little girl and the older people .
Suddenly my Internet disability became the <unk> object .
You would see clips online with comments like , `` Why is he <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor terrorist <unk> .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
One reviewer suggested even that I would add my resume to my resume : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as the race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , clapping , man . Come on .
<unk> are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said I could n't walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown with media , however , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create the most positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life .
Perhaps if there were more positive images , that will be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe no .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> of Susan Susan <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I was going to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my role , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world in `` Arabs have gone insane . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great New Jersey state in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> <unk> , '' a charity to give the Palestinian refugee children a tiny part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live , and I do this talk to his memory .
`` lie in peace . ''
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a little boy .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
She lives in a small village to the South <unk> .
This village is close to <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without anything for him , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the Somalia of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , no job , no future perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you get a guy who gives him it to lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new money , money to send home , to your family .
They presented to a young man .
Finally went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a bomb car .
That little boy in that little town with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a connected terrorist organization to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a child in a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for the future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that he got .
This was the first thing that he pulled him out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And its story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young women who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three in five people who live in cities are going to be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't create opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , violence , gangs , being the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , does n't go to school .
They do n't do pretty much .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to <unk> <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in the hospital with <unk> thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
And if I had forced me to be forced to be in that same <unk> period ?
Would it have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure of the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders at a corporate summit .
They went to about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down , and we had brainstorming ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I exploit it .
He started a motorcycle company .
They started off <unk> out of local residents who normally could n't buy them .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit of business , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
They teach young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are desperately seeking .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the height of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of enterprise .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic sent from the overseas .
If you gave someone , `` When was the last time you saw flowers cool ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing tulips and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began the <unk> of flowers , creating gardens in the houses , and the companies in the city , and now he 's working on the creation of the world 's first public park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the <unk> <unk> .
By the way , he does n't farm pink because it uses a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , NASA 's presence had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , work for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> of the change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city faces .
They 've got business solutions to local problems .
And so , inspiring young people and creating a business of business as it is really a big step , but the young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business .
They teach young people with the resources that they need , they support the support they need to move from conception to creation , and they will create <unk> for urban growth .
To me , entrepreneurship is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how he calls it , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent to rent and keep the bikes for him .
They gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> period .
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they turn to young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and they eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and the peacekeepers that are going to be <unk> and short-term periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , a <unk> area in New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
<unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the path we were still , almost we could pretend we were the first human beings on the ground .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful piece of light when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , about four square meters with apple 's heart hearts -- aluminum paper balls , and shoe .
And I was shocked , was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> who were too lazy to pull out what they had , who thought was going to clean up their trash ?
That question went on with me , and it was a little bit like a little bit .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how they organize , or where do you put the `` ours , '' who cleans our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in Paris ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> <unk> our trash , for 11 tons of waste waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know , as individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work is doing .
What do you feel like using the uniform and bring that burden up ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and I walked through his trajectory and interviewed people in offices and installations in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed a little bit more .
So I started working as a garbage trash .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I was doing it .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everyone wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days where it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies , they kept <unk> the weight of getting over their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of <unk> Statistics , the waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering the traffic all day , and they 're walking around you .
They just want to be <unk> , so in general the driver 's not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible harm .
I also learned about the relentless of the trash .
When you get out of the <unk> , and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that the trash is as a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It 's always going to be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe so strongly that the cocktail of waste is the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in the efficiently , and it 's effective , this starts to <unk> out of their containers and their dangers inherent to us in very real ways .
We diseases that we had been controlled for decades and centuries and they start to <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have any space for what the motors are starting to fail when it 's in danger danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just to point your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average average speed needed .
So I mean , I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
Usually we do n't usually care about it , or systematically , clean , or we carry our cup of coffee , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we throw them out of them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we would take out of it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that might help reduce the stigma , and we 'll be able to adapt in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you were to <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our job .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that remain leaves by ourselves , from our own waste , our own waste , and that flow always has to stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard a <unk> of a collection collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as he did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing this particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be right .
We 're going to be good . ''
Soon after that I started to investigate the collection collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together a lot of times and we got good friends .
I want to believe he was right .
We 're going to be right .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species , we must have to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their lives and their lives , the next thing to see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community , forming part of the environment , where the architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects here as an example of this .
Both of these projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a <unk> commercial center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many of us in the city we realized there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to employ a lot of energy because the skin with crystals generates heat inside , so it 's necessary .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees at the entire year .
And third , it looks like it has nothing to do with Africa , and it 's about Ethiopia .
It 's a pity for a place that is so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old market , which is this <unk> structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to survey the site , which is located in a very much growth area of the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , not there .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating on an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , linking all the entries in the building .
And this is spread out of an inclined atrium , which creates an outdoor space in the building that was <unk> , by its own shape , the sun and the rain .
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
And I wanted to find a solution that connects the local weather conditions .
And I started to think of a similar tissue to a <unk> concrete shell to allow the air input , and also of the light , but in a way that 's filtered .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons in the dresses of the Ethiopians .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces of pieces that are the windows that leave the air and the light in a way that 's controlled inside the building .
And so this little <unk> of these little colored crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air-conditioning yet .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a big deal by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think of the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is in set of water for the inner sanitation .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're going through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a <unk> of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that 's so big , the biggest I 've designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I started special attention in the <unk> , a thousand years of a thousand years old , who was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of <unk> access .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets , by creating 12 early blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines , and this changes the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the small cell of the project , like the apartment , as an <unk> part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So , you know , I 'm going to make a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks out with courtyards , and then on the ground , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density at the upper levels and a lower density on the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community the full space of the building .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socialize , and doing such a like running a <unk> race , or jump from one building to another one .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the process of design .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives is changing the communities and economies at the same pace that the buildings grow .
So for this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture , looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that you have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls .
I had a lot of bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
One day I stayed in a time after the output of the school , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took my master 's table .
And then I did .
<unk> the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just some .
All the way . And I set up and I set up the book to the crate , but to see , some of my other colleagues had very good grades too .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put in every row of <unk> and myself in a row of <unk> , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It was that everything was obvious .
I never figured out .
But most of all , I was reminded of the reason that I was bothered by this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I embraced jealousy .
They 're as mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer of jealousy .
Also the primates . The tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to analyze loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory that we study jealousy in all of their possible ways .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , there would be no literature .
Well , there was n't Helen <unk> , there 's no `` Odyssey . ''
There was no king jealous , and a thousand and a nights .
There was no Shakespeare .
We were going to take the lists of high school lists , because we 'd be missing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there was no `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We 'll lose us from `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost that he has all .
This year , it 's 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , all that we might have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think of a little boy trying to reconcile the dream .
We thought about a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot about how hard that image is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know how the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy and jealousy -- and jealousy and Proust .
Will it be very obvious as the jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a very strong narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us terrible , because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being in storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy are done by all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
All that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it 's starting to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detected in his lover , puts it into his collection of instruments from torture in its private chamber .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , honeybees would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break down .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard work . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy are <unk> from information .
The jealousy are using the details .
And jealousy , they like the great amounts of bright hair and the cute little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy were hanging out of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links the <unk> language with jealousy .
When <unk> is in its agony of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defending those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is revolting , but it 's not different from an old text , or look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research research . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are seen by <unk> , and they make us seem <unk> , but in their core , they 're finding knowledge , search for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , what they 're doing is the more concerned about the truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These were the pathways going towards wisdom 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman whom we need , that makes us suffer , causes us a range of much more profound feelings and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal ourselves .
And is there any other excitement that we do to open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement , our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with such peculiar intensity ?
Freud 'd write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young woman who was being used to the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud says there was something weird about that man , who did n't get rid of what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that her wife did , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Or did you accidentally have a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
The novels described very well how jealousy are made us look with intensity but not precision .
In fact , the more intensely of us are , the more we become more residents in fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy are led to us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
jealousy will lead us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now , I 'm thinking about myself in the age of eight , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan in 52 years old was captured by having created a false note on Facebook from which he would send a <unk> , horrible self for a year .
For a year . A whole year .
She was trying to <unk> her new boyfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to tell you that when I was , I reacted to admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , albeit unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange , brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying to understand how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be judged in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or wanting what you 've got to <unk> your self and <unk> from what you ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your <unk> , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the <unk> route .
I ca n't give you all over the world , as much as sometimes I want .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in the time of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social media , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask for Holmes Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about the curse curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always paid [ to <unk> ] <unk> , the <unk> head of a rat who needs to require desperately desperately , needs the Holmes genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in the each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' one time Holmes comes in , <unk> all with his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We are not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> who would n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute fatty is on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the next side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be that simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can zoom in with it .
But I like agenda plans .
So while we hope that that happens , let 's remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
It 's only fiction and jealousy .
The fiction alone , he invites them to the table .
And look what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the fear Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin was out of the <unk> of Apollo 11 , and they came down on the Sea of the <unk> .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in American history in America .
To get to the moon , NASA 's spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo section of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
And he was walking on the surface of the surface of which tapirs after death of Armstrong last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of back : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> , a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the word of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 is given a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why do I climb the highest mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why would fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the challenge of wonder to transcendence of the powers of technology .
They were because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological victories .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it <unk> polio and eliminated the smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has evaporated from the way that we imagine that the technology is going to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the population of the world , they seem to be a clean energy .
I remember looking at the Apollo 17 <unk> .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to do n't look at the <unk> tube of <unk> Saturn V .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last door to the planet , but I was completely sure that I could see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's something that happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like the technologists had distracted us and they had enriched toys with trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sales .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , who <unk> that have been created less ambitious than those of the years in which Intel was called Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in concrete , the incentives that the risk capitalists provide the entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused us to change the creation of ideas , by the funding of how much or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
Most of what 's wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when they were at risk capitalists , they were at their peak , without worrying about the risk , they preferred investments , small investment that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble to invest in a good way in technologies as energy , that they need an enormous capital and which development is in the long run . They have not invested in the development of technologies trying to solve big problems because they do n't have a commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a policy decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> -- Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind power , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want to be sources of alternative energy that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policy and international treaties are <unk> the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and development , and some kind of coal price control .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 'll see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , turn out not to be .
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure on the route of food .
But 30 years of research , we 've been taught that famines are political crisis that affect <unk> the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and storage of food , but they 're going to have famines while there were bad governments .
Finally , the big problems we 're going to have a solution , because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon was declared war in cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are a lot of types of cancer , some <unk> types of cancer , and just over the last 10 years , it seems to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have to be here : Political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it 's because it 's a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems , is with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that <unk> the hard and the dangerous thing , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be easy .
I was just three days old .
And really , I did n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get .
God knows we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start to begin with the widespread ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they 've become abundant of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , is a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third one is one task : we should get rid of trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to talk about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of all , why people think that trust has gone down ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I turn to think that there may have gotten down in some other or institutions or institutions that could have increased in others .
I do n't have it .
But I can turn to the surveys of opinion , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has dropped .
When you look at opinion surveys over time , there 's no evidence for it .
I mean , the people who are <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , are still inspiring the same distrust .
And the people who were very confident about 20 years ago , they 're still pretty reliable , judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway along .
But is this evidence ?
What surveys of opinion is , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at are the generic attitudes that cognitive people do when they get certain questions .
Does politicians trust ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you get in the <unk> ?
Are you going to get in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary school teachers ?
I 'd probably ask you to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you have answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but other people do n't . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to make trust trust .
We did n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of officer , official or a guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain primary teacher who I know to give the reading class , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to maintain a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract way ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real trust level , because they 're trying to prescribe the good judgment in the fact that we trust something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I would argue .
I would have more confidence in what is trust , but not what it 's not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what 's not reliable .
And I believe that those people who are saving their savings with very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
Confidence deposited or denied intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , he says , yes , yes , it means that what matters in first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What this is about to do a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think to be able to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is a competent person , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trusted them to take a letter by email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that they 're going to get your own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say , I think I do n't have many friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
Yes , I did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before we trust .
The trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals and officials , and so on , that would make us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that I 'm going to attend . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional policy , that the accountability system is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , actually is doing the opposite .
What they 're doing is trouble with the work of people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` use the boxes '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if they 're engaged in trust and <unk> to the people who are reliable and if we were trying to determine whether other people , or political officials are trusted .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple action , the attitudes , what they do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit about trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive , because it gives us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough bases , so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't fool , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to give <unk> evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do it ?
That 's every day , everywhere , it makes the common people , the officials , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where my socks says I can return them without giving explanations .
I 'm wearing it and give me the money , or they change them for the color that I want to do .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you come back vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think what we 're looking at is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I ask myself , `` What if there were no barriers ? ''
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that gets deeper into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the display will transfer their physical body to the pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So , with this tool break down .
But the two hands still remain outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Science Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little bit of a little bit on the keyboard in a computer area of work .
And so I combined a very clear bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can raise the hands of the keyboard , get inside the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in the real space , it 's as easy as taking a book on a shelf .
And you can flip through the book , and you can highlight the book , or the words of words with the virtual tactile sensors that are below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us will have bought and back on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I 've got here is a virtual stunt online .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or clear when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in the space , how can we make them be physical so we can make them touch and feel them ?
How would it be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my Professor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was `` gravity and managing the movement through a combination of MRI , mechanical <unk> and detectors . ''
And by using the object digitally , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance and a famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality the time we wanted .
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of the planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the computer part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to get rid of our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was shocked to become a <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to pay for a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only one path to happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter whether the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be an opera singer singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to begin with <unk> from very young people to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to school school .
I even wrote the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But to any adult , I would read the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
My friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much more to train .
My dream would never work .
I was afraid , that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> the books .
[ `` As <unk> , '' from <unk> , '' [ `` <unk> '' is [ `` <unk> ' History , '' in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese Life .
And it 's not a convenient thing . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
So , you know , a lot of perspectives .
For example , in the beginning this map seemed to me outside , because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , it gives academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought if you worked comparative reading to research , why do n't we do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books about two .
They can be the people [ Benjamin Franklin '' ] [ `` John Adams , '' that they were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are cheap , political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all psychological , lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The End Tzu 's path '' Alan <unk> ] Rather than lost in translation , found that you can make a lot of her .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` Nice joy . ''
And `` bride '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' uh-oh .
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel alone or impotent .
Having a smashed dream really is nothing compared to what many other people have suffered .
I 've come to believe that accomplishment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
And so far a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , that today I 'm here , happy , living with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , that books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first psychotherapy of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
And Alex came to the first session using jeans and a <unk> , threw on the couch of my office took the shoes off , and he told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My classroom had a <unk> as a client .
And I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could run it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it was easy to just move the head as well as the solution to the solution .
`` Now , thirty are the new 20 , '' and it would say Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , home later , you have children later , to death happens to death .
To <unk> , like Alex and I had time for <unk> .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex that I would talk about their loving lives .
I had resisted .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out of guys under the category , and he sits on a <unk> head , but it 's not as if it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not not , but maybe you get married with the next .
In addition , the best moment to work on Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! '' moment .
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what they 'd been used , but this did n't have to have Alex to be a pause in their development .
This caused Alex from Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this class of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had a real real problem , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for the careers , the families and the future <unk> of all sides .
There 's 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think no one gets to age without pass before the <unk> .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you take the dream a 20-year-old , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , the <unk> really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 .
This means that eight of all 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' which gives your life you have been past to when you have 30 and so many .
People over 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how many money they win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up the second and last stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , meaning that if there 's something that wants to change themselves , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any point of life , and we know that female fertility comes to the top to the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the time to educate them about their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment in which your daily life and ordinary life has a <unk> impact on the person who will be made .
But what we do n't hear is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in the adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers are talking about changes in the time of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The journalists were calling stupid names to the <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , smart , interesting <unk> , like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everyone says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
Everyone ran out , but then somewhere around the 1930s , the music went off and all began to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little extreme , but it does n't be wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure at the 30s and so many of you to start a career , choose a city , choose a partner , and have two or three children in a very short time period .
A lot of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing everything from once to the '30s .
The middle-aged age crisis is not about a <unk> car cars .
It 's about realizing you can not have the career you want to do now .
Notice that you ca n't have the son you want to do now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I doing ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At the 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having a identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend who showed more liberating than ambition .
And in spite of living a very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
They 're often going to go through our sessions often , but then she got up herself to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just been able to buy a new book reader , and I 'd spent the whole morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he was left looking at the empty space that follows the words `` in case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who is going to take care of if you get cancer ? ''
At that time , I took a lot of work for me to resist and not to say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that really worried about it .
She needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going on .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that every single one , male or woman , deserves to know .
First of all , I said to Emma that would be forgotten about that identity crisis and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what they want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , of that boarding school , from that business that they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> <unk> exploration , I 'm <unk> the exploration that I should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that he would explore jobs and he made them count .
Second , I said to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to get you to the airport , but the <unk> ones that come together with some friends with similar minds , as opposed to who you know , what you know , how they talk about , and where they 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from the outside of their circle nearby .
The new things come from what 's called <unk> links friends from their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have a job .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we 're <unk> to this group .
The middle of the organization created never , then , to know the head of your neighbor is the way they get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Finally , but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> her family , when you have a partner and form his own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit back than the 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person that you live now , or you 're going to show you now when everyone on Facebook begin to walk to the altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of just making it work or kill the whoever you choose them to .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we went through that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond was helped to get a job there .
That supply card gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special part of events in museums .
This married married a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , loves her new family , and I 'm sending a letter to say , `` Now the emergency contacts spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out of the Los Angeles airport , which comes out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a slight match in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 to the 25 , even 29 , a good conversation , a good TED break can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth of spreading all the speakers you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their old age , get their own identity , use their weak ties , choose your family .
You do n't know what they did n't know or what they did n't know .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very <unk> job in management consultant for a job that was even more challenging : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematical students in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I took testing tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the work came back , we 'll take the ratings .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance did n't have <unk> I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest children were n't doing so well .
And that made me think .
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , secure , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given given .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every single one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a major perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure a better way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends much more than the ability to learn how to rapid and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kind of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who is successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Western Academy of the West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training and who <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children are going to do as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in very difficult neighborhoods , which teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and the ones who are going to be the most effective in improving the results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their job in work ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature arose as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Determination is clinging to their future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
Determination is living life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools .
I asked thousands of high school students who do my portraits of determination , and then I waited for over a year to see those who were <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had a significant chance of graduate school , even when I matched them in every single feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point , or the National <unk> of <unk> where determination . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
To me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How can they deal with the determination of children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I hold them for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give them determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is often not related or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing the determination of the children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get older than they fail when they fail , because they do n't think that 's a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work that we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if you have been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to fail , to start all over again with the lessons that I learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was inspired by this incredible language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that I want you to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language , I can do it .
I started thinking about how a new new way of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I began to learn how to draw each of the <unk> of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's a square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if they were screaming like it goes , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally the shape of it called , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of <unk> doors in the old west .
I call these eight characters .
They 're a building blocks for a lot more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going on . ''
As the old adage says , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , and that 's a `` idiot '' -- Easy to remember , because a tree looks pretty stupid .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's really hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes up on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the deadbolt .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , did there is someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're arguing .
Three women together , get careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that learns a Chinese Chinese Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a fire mountain . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun alongside origins , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become out .
A mouth is telling you to where you go out there is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I need to stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my children , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician 's magician together .
The film has mastered his imagination for months .
Her favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and <unk> a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial shows industrial shows .
Yet the magician 's magician was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took the rise early years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal boy , and a <unk> kid <unk> a girl <unk> as a enemy guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician 's doing this today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz as a prophecy predict it .
You use magic shoes to beat the armies on the evil <unk> computer .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the world of Oz is that the most heroic characters , wise and even villains are women .
I started to notice this when I did a `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
It was n't invited because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance , and so slid in the room , and he was amazed as a leg with her leg behind her back , and I did n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> , <unk> everything .
I wonder what her perceived .
Would they be valuable themes , perseverance and loyalty ?
Does the sense that Luke was one of the military to overthrow government ?
Let 's contrast this with the magician 's magician .
How do you win Dorothy his movie ?
We 're making good <unk> with everybody and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow , OK , and not a world of men they fight , which is where we are .
Why is there so much urban capital force , force in the movies for our children , and so little on the path of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know the experience that the <unk> <unk> does n't provide the proper framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My quest is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The films really focused on beat the villain and get their payoff , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost as a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are a lot of exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney Physics before any of you .
But they send a message to the children , even though they , kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend girls how to defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , so real and charming like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic classic , every single one of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , like many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a princess 's film .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop it !
Well , almost none of these films goes through the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not the roots yet , and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of mine 's evaluation .
And it 's very simple . There are just three questions that must be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character than has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women are talking to each other from the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else than they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you .
Two women who exist and they talk about things .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , <unk> <unk> , an idea of consensus on what a Hollywood movie is .
Virtually , it 's not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie is happening in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage of hostage .
We have a lot of scenes from men who have profound and painful conversations in this hiding place , and it 's the great moment for one of the actresses to get a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So you 're going to get it into the numbers .
In 2011 , about the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female actors ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted ever in his life .
I do n't think it 's the mass of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think the music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of <unk> sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do n't we learn ?
Are the story telling you that the role of a male hero is to beat up with violence and then charge the payoff , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Are we doing that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world , and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> it .
We have tools to our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I 'm mostly talking about the parents .
I think we need to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You have read about how new economy is changing the role that you care about the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what his favorite character of `` Star Wars , '' you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories where I tell my son : Go and struggle and more stories where their job is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , as the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a girl , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I liked the most was looking for the sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would be lucky enough .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I began to look at shapes and patterns that helped me help us .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and the archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I 'm looking at my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at nearly 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see in another way .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an ancient <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the ancient Egypt Egypt in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , the architecture and religion .
The <unk> always known that it was located in some place near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , those inside the red circles here , but somewhere within this huge continuum .
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to the <unk> side , and as it changed over time , it moved to the east and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
I 'll try to find out at random to look at a needle in a haystack , with the blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So we 're using NASA surveys to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile did .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptians doing the sampling projects ; you can see it here .
When I say sampling , it 's like the shots in the ice sample , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five feet below , under a thick piece of slime , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five feet below , we have a <unk> of occupation in several hundred years from the Middle Empire from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found jobs of <unk> -- <unk> , quartz and cat -- what proves that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that comes out of the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still did n't find any <unk> here , but we 'd go to the place in a nearby future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Sharing is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So , apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Do the ideas really happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city , not for a very long time and found from the top .
It certainly puts out of sea shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that 's made .
Now we 've got a group of fiscal obese group .
They are competing in a bike bike race , and they 're going to address their front door .
I need to look at this .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're going to jump a lot .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There are bicycles flying around , the wheels that go on their side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the threshold of the door .
And in the hallway , the hallway , or what there 's the other side of the door , and watch the quality of the light , and the light 's shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
It 's waving with the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel your blue <unk> <unk> in your nose .
You can smell the oats of oats , and you 're going to pass it into the mouth .
<unk> on the side and trained their living room .
Already in the room , and making more of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
She 's got little clothes , dancing on his table at home , singing `` <unk> I was Baby Time . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The soil has been coated with a yellow building path , and from the oven , they come to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Len is `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular contest that takes place every spring in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , that this was like the end of a wise man .
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them only once .
<unk> the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
We gave whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I was like , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be the phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise man .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everyone involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented two years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did n't you hear about this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English , even though a little bit of <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Did you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorize the order in a live cards on TV , national TV .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start for something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up spending most of the next year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that he did n't even remember it had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone 's incredibly tragic , but it was a window that lets us see how our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of Purple Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; it was twinkling .
And when I came back , I read a number of treaties on writing written about 2,000 years in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Dark Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined and grown memory was n't a thing as rare as you might be like today .
A long time ago , people are investing in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they also have changed .
They 've been culturally changed , and I would say that we 've also changed cognitively .
As we almost do n't have to remember , sometimes it seems to we have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet in our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined and grown memory is this very singular competition of memory .
It 's actually not so singular ; there 's competitions like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College in London invited a bunch of memory champions in the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be that it has brains in some way , structural or <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a battery test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting difference and significant difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control that we compared to .
When they put them into an MRI machine , <unk> their brains while <unk> numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They were indeed used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we could learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorization is driving as an armed career where every year appears someone with a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors must get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On their desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of piano cards that he 's about to try to memorize a hour , using a technique that he invented , and that only is mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the accurate binary digits .
I know .
And while there 's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques are used by the end of the idea that psychologists call `` coding coding . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the <unk> paradox , and I tell two people you remember the same word . I say to you . `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his last name .
And then I 'm asking , `` Remember there 's a `` <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I asked you , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said that his work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
All the other memories that dance for your head .
But the word , `` <unk> . ''
They 're <unk> <unk> .
They have flour .
They worked well when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some point .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this two years ago in Ancient Ancient Greece .
It 's called the memory of the memory .
The story says like this : There was a poet called <unk> I attended a potluck .
They had hired as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , it was n't brought into a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his poem , and went left , and so soon he was , the potluck room collapsed .
They kill everyone .
But not only killed everyone , but it shattered the bodies , left <unk> .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So you could n't get the bodies .
One tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , you stand out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes , and I realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every invited .
I took the family of the <unk> hand where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What you 've <unk> at that moment is something that we all know about , or intuitively , and it 's that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions word by the word of our colleagues , we have visual and spatial spatial memory and spatial space .
If I 'm going to tell you that I would give you the first 10 words of the story that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I would bet that if you told you to say , who was sitting on the horse <unk> brown in his lobby , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the memory of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> of images with the things that you want to remember -- the crazy , crazy , crazy , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> image will be .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treaties in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it memory , in the same way that would have made him Cicero if they were invited by about 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolute ridiculous , crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to talk about is that competition 's completely <unk> .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> piece on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that they want to introduce his friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story that you want to count .
And then he falls in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
That 's how the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , who 's going to confuse it , but typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from Greek <unk> , which means `` <unk> . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first '' would be like the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got full of that .
I went to some of these memory skills and had the idea of writing something long about this competitive subculture of competitive people .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an all-out boring event .
And seriously , it 's like to see a lot of people sitting on taking tests , I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone <unk> the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school yearbook at a market of <unk> .
And I discovered this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train memory .
What 's actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked quite a lot of this .
This is me , using my standard team of training for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and a few security glasses covered with tape just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
He ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could join , in a kind of participatory exercise experiment .
I thought this could be good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment went out of control .
And I won the competition , which I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute being able to <unk> speeches , and on phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because it 's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build on the memory or <unk> <unk> of cards , and to benefit with a little bit of insight on how your mind works .
Often we talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus on it when we focus deeply .
The memory palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts of truth .
They work because they make us <unk> .
They 're going to take a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention , that most of you are not <unk> around .
But the reality is there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our short existence on your Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side . We are going to be so <unk> that we do n't even have any <unk> ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible incredible memory capacities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person that remember to remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , and so it 's going to take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from Detroit , I was six years old and I was living there at home from my parents in a town called <unk> , and this was my child bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there would all be the time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody saw me , and every time I 'd come up with it , and I wrapped up in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , or division of areas , but of those gut , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency spent 90 percent of their time under the roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us very little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you think about , you think of `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know you 're thinking about it , because you think about it in a building , a 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who are building . <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we find out with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome -- it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that they leave <unk> what <unk> is trying to communicate with this building : children , ownership values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , the other library ended , which looks like this .
He 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side , it 's innovation , the architects that constantly drive new technologies , new Netherlands , new solutions for the present life forms .
<unk> , we knew and we gave it so much , we get away from the people .
All of the black , this is depressing . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no choice .
We need to go on the other side and go back to connect with those appreciated symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all feeling like <unk> , so we started to experience again ; we 're going to swing the pendulum back forward , over and over again . So we 've done that in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on a dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the 1980s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
I put the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that I like and <unk> .
And we 'd add neon and we added bake new materials .
They love it .
We do n't do <unk> .
We took cabinets , and we turned them into skyscrapers , that can be medieval furniture from glass .
The shapes went off , and they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Boys grew up to the size of buildings .
madness .
But they were the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial centers , we moved to neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , French , or Italian .
They may possibly have a <unk> of bread sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know that this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started making the pendulum swing in the other direction .
In the 1980s and early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols , now we have new <unk> techniques , and we 've got a new compositions -- a few ways that we were doing against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have so <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> back in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building was opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of these rare moments when critical , academics and public public and public care were completely agreed about a building .
The New York Times every New York Times <unk> this <unk> construction .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everyone wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how it 's possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible that they will become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it has been , because the media was taken around them and quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
The same mayors did the world 's major mayors .
So everyone believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other star architects .
He went to Dizzy and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium , actually began to go through the whole architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , they 'd have to have to have walked to the next village to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates , and you can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building takes beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications ultimately has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't really be accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know if that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until it 's going to be in both the extremes , almost simultaneously , and it 's actually <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , the public .
Now we can do almost instantaneous symbols , with emotional charge , from something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a town called <unk> at Fire in New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked at the exact product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and share on social media , the building stopped being only a building , it became a media , because it 's not just images of a building , it 's the pictures that one made of the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with collective memory , and when you charge these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell us each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has n't only changed the relationship between us , but that has changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think of a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building opens up today , we 're first going to go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experiment , innovation , what can be a library .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of <unk> , <unk> people , and tell you that there 's no unique answer to what a library might be .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are not mysterious creatures that use <unk> , complicated words , and you 're no longer a hapless audience that does n't know anything that I 've never seen before .
Architects can listen to them , and you 're not allowed to intimidate for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style , of one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick on the basis of what it has to be like .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings are <unk> to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking car park in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or for yoga , or even one can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River River , and half half a million dollars from the community around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little <unk> pavilion , as bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects know how to make more ecological , smarter buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to do .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the step of the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year , and he started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical of children in a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that I like to do is look at the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
They laugh and <unk> , and he gives itself those big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it , and it made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old , and it lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it only wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , and it 's a little bit confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him that he 's ugly .
Between what his mom says , and what his friends , or colleagues of school tell him , does n't know who to believe .
So he makes a video of herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks others that please leave a comment , `` I 'm beautiful or ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , that you do n't even deserve it to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current adolescent , who gets these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable lives .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , in mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it bringing them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me , saying , `` I like , '' by talking , by sharing , publishing this , publishing it .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , instantaneous , so young people .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that they 're doing with that are inadequate .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like , '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is n't .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what 's manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent thing in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of imagery that 's magazine covers of the girls now .
It 's from size zero to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are compared to .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superhero stars in sports , and singers out .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , surely we want our kids to grow healthy and are very <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort on their appearance , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't look pretty good enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings , and as human beings to the society and the community development field .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom , and they 're going to participate in arguments in room because they do n't want to attract attention by their physical side .
One out of five are not attending at all during the days when you do n't feel comfortable with it .
And in the testing of tests , if you do n't think that you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note on the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is widespread in Finland , the U.S. and China .
And it turns out regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , in order to make it very clear , we 're talking about you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on his body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Young teenagers are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participate in more diets that they can lead to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about what they make more risky decisions , like the <unk> of alcohol and drugs , diets , dramatic surgery , aesthetic activity , <unk> , early ages and <unk> damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they have no higher power rates .
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview on a day where they do n't feel secure in the way you see it .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be an opportunity ?
We 're going to make this potential of interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , it does n't take you very far away .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill in trust in your own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is there are a lot of programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of them do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs , without realizing the situation .
So , we have to make sure that the program that we are going to do not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are crucial points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but we deal with this problem requires each of us to take the seat in the issue and let 's be a better model to follow by women and girls in our own lives .
They challenging the current status of such as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to have the contribution of our politicians in slices of hair , or the size of his breasts , or you had to pretend that determination or success of an Olympic athlete is the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people for what they are , not as you see .
All of us can begin by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and feedback that we published in our social media .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we need to work together as communities , like governments and as companies , to change our culture , so that our children will grow to valuing all their person , to valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We need to put the people who are really making the difference on a pedestal .
Let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we 'll create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe they 're never going to be seen , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Her daughter ?
Your friend ? My friend ?
It could be the woman who 's two remote seats , what would it mean if it was liberated from that voice <unk> in its interior , who haunts me not having long legs , thighs , a shorter , smaller feet , smaller feet ?
What would it mean to her if we did this , and we would unleash the potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture with the images is holding us back to all .
But let 's get our kids to the truth .
They assume that the way you see it is only one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and because of how they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem on the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of the age of age , they become agents of safe change tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November five of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meir from <unk> , the leader of the <unk> Defense League .
When they initially had the innocent , but being a prisoner for other minor charges , in the company of others , they started planning attacks to a few dozen New York icons , including tunnels , synagogues and the U.N. headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were <unk> by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center could not be avoided .
Later , I 'd be convicted of his participation at that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , high school teacher , between the two did all the possible childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , they do n't need a lot to get into the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are being used to be so empowered to their verbal convictions that think that you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live .
A few months before I was arrest , he sat down with me and explained that in the last week of week , he and some friends , they had been going to run in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> shot , which , without knowing our group , was monitoring by the FBI .
When I was playing , my father helped me holding the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the target and , to surprise , especially of me , especially the goal broke out on fire .
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , as a parent .
All of us , the comment had a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
They saw me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
These people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved to 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody , it was time to pack and leave another city .
As I was always the new face of the class , it was often a <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity , which is identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , quiet and a chubby , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was reading it at home , reading books or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say it gently , for growing <unk> , was n't ready for the real world .
I raised opera , judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my way to think about , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program where I was involved in the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
And my group was <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> most of my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I found that one of the guys who we had made was friendship , I was Jewish .
I took a few days out of the light , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine , and frankly , I was very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all of life had been done to me that I had been asked .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found out with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical that I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I wanted to be treated .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's about being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
All night , Jon Stewart made me become honest about my <unk> , and I helped me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with the character .
In many forms , he became my mathematical figure at a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something to keep me in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
And she looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has been suffering with enough <unk> , and he said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate inside your interior .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's easy .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who 's going to be trying to lead to violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , which although I 'm going to give up this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a real fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to talk , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I put myself here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and it has <unk> sound from what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It 's got emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a time of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thought .
The heart of the movie is you who experiences everything in live .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths to be human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have a own awareness .
I do n't know that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're getting to produce what we 've got to produce without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because in most of the 20th century , we 'd look at that vision .
The psychology was studying cognitive behavior , neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but never no one mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger na say , `` now is the moment for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a budding of scientific work on consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that , saying that this kind of work in neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain that consciousness , and the questions that are doing certain areas of the brain and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I did n't offend neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Now , it does n't address the core mystery of this matter : Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's have a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emergent phenomenon like traffic jams , like the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emergent behaviors , how traffic operate , how they work hurricanes , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize living organisms , and they 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how we talk about , how we play chess .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why all the behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the rise , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't really have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works , for a long time , beat my head up against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reason .
I think we 're going to stand up at this point .
We have a string of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning , crazy , crazy things before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem with consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective film is a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and so this is the whole thing that it needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time I 've left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental building : space , time and mass .
We have fundamental laws that govern , like gravity 's laws or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't account for any more basic terms .
Rather , they are considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental <unk> is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell found that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of the fundamental concepts of the space , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and so I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and I applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation where we find consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of the fundamental ideas that we have , space , time , mass , charge , then for a matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural to enable consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens up the path to scientifically direct copying .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , mass processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want the fundamental laws that we could take on a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we could take on a t-shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan , '' by all , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is n't that photons are smart , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when he thinks , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , so not .
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy to you .
How would anyone think something so crazy ?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is critical .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more to nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that would be able to make the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's awareness .
It 's about complex <unk> , as a human being , complex awareness .
It 's simple , simple , simple information .
Something very exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a measure of the information of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the information information integrated into a system .
And he 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a degree of information integration , as much significant , a pretty important awareness of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In the <unk> theory , there 's still a level of a different awareness level .
In fact , there 's a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
In addition , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire come out ? ''
From the vision of the view , the physical equations are able to leave you , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is what makes it fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to make our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I was not supposed to eat anything that I had , I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think you think about this , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral considerations , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of information , she has a complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are a pretty serious ethical problem about the ethics of the development of the development of smart computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of the whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole bunch of TED , different from the inner community of each parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question that 's going to be serious .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , that the second one is universal .
The vision raises many questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If no , well , it 's probably the most difficult problem of science and the philosophy .
We ca n't wait for that overnight .
But I think we will finally get to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a under an educational profile .
I went to school , and I joined my friends , I was shocked with my younger sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to take a prize for a prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there is an obvious problem .
She actually has n't done anything . '' And he was right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a under profile in my mother 's <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we took the disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in Melbourne , so only after about 20 minutes at the class of 11 , a guy raised the hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What a speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your long-term discourse .
When people in the wheelchair , they 're talking about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the hall of acts . ''
And that 's when I realized , this child had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiration object .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , which is , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , which I 'm doing in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid , <unk> dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've been lied to the disability .
Yes , we 've sold the lie that disability is a little bit of a <unk> , by capital , a capital amount .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one : `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of a lot of them .
It may be that you 've seen one , from the girl with no hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs on <unk> carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because I would encourage a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So , in this case , they would encourage the disabled to the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is inspire them , to motivate you to be able to see them and think , `` Well , for very bad , it 's my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that I 've been trying to express the number of strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I was getting up in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attached to people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your worries in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a difficult thing .
Let 's get some things .
But the things that we 're not the things that you might think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I was telling me the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
I do the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the children of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside .
They 're just using their bodies by taking out the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to do it in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because they 've sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here for the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , <unk> , are n't you more often inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Now , a friend of other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than they are .
Now , I find a great idea that this is a great idea to use a bunch of barbecue boards to pick up the things that fall off , and I come up with the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery battery battery battery battery .
Great .
We learn about the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that 's <unk> and <unk> .
I really believe that that lie that we 've been sold about disability is the most injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a stretch of stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't appear for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and affecting a positive attitude to convert all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're getting to get up from the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a <unk> boy in Melbourne is not a little surprised that their new teacher is a wheelchair user .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think about what you think about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average velocity of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , today I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't get rid of it .
When people think about augmented reality , think about `` Minority Report '' and in Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : The Google Glass glasses .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try out <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what 's going to run through the game camp at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a 360 pound man will be <unk> , trying to do it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not a nice thing .
And I 'll get some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not the images of the NFL practices , because this idea of the NFL scientists is a submarine rising to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
Ready ?
Come on !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that lack of people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice 54 ! 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , be your favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get it from , how do we carry it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called an Rift <unk> , which surely many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the appliance 's most realistic reality apparatus , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a Russian mountain fearing for his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan when you put a film from Adrian <unk> across the line with a <unk> with the arm before you run and do a notation ? What will be the experience of a fan fan .
When it can be <unk> running through the court , throw the ball into the bottom of the network , or would you imagine making one stick in Wimbledon ?
What 's your experience when it goes from a mountain over 100 miles an hour as an Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is n't still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , augmented reality reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put in the field of the field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL placed in the hats of the <unk> of the field and then in the ones of the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next one , you see in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you carry on , you 're not going to have to worry about forgetting it .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose parties .
If you lose parties , you would give you as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual reality strategy .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the <unk> and <unk> sensors , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is being sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
And so this led to good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to stop being just for nerds .
It will be for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field .
It 's going to be the ball and <unk> .
They went to an open receiver . Suddenly a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight is telling you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Normally , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system will <unk> you .
<unk> to the area of protection .
Another flashlight , you know , there 's an open receiver .
We 'll get the ball off , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball is missing the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receptor looks at the bombsight of the grass that lights up and can modify the race .
It 's coming up , it takes the ball and run and puts it .
The audience goes crazy and fans have followed them from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to do lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it only as a bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , be in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful is their actions from the victim 's perspective ?
How much is this technology for gay in Uganda or Russia , trying to show the world how it lives being pursued ?
How much is it worth for a Hadfield Hadfield or a Neil <unk> Tyson , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country <unk> the southern tip of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known the world for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural architectural .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , chief engineer , to build the bridge , said , `` The bridge is virtually to proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is no practical or likely . ''
But from his openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as such , that the fall of it frees you out of all your worries and pain , and the waters that are going underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a <unk> of four to five seconds , the body strikes about water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of you die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , they 're normally preserved in the water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to give you a suicide approach to realize the death of death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people have been for before they were taking place .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and at the darker time , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this photo last year while this young woman was talking to a official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service to those who were killing suicide , but the officials are also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him from July 22 last year when you get a call from a possible subject against the fence near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , we saw Jason talking with a officer of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason had just 32 years , and he had flown up until here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about one hour talking to Jason , we asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never do n't open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could get more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
Out of her came out of pests , sorrows and all kind of ills against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
They stopped a few moments , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem very well , because the next day , the family 's rabbi called me to see how it was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The death side damage affected a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved outside ?
What would you say ?
What do you say ?
In my experience , it 's not only to talk , but you have to listen to it .
Listening to understanding .
<unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the turning point you need .
If you think someone 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Some in similar circumstances have you thought about finishing your life ; have these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of it can save the life and be the inflection point for them .
Other signs look : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , a recent social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January this year , and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking , I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the party of 49 <unk> with his father on the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the police of <unk> and announced as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officials came to my house , and they reported that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness I had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong before without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day , and the value to go forward .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean by hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible person suicide on the bridge is near the north tower .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and a half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided for his account to go back on that lane and give him another opportunity .
And when Kevin came back , it was <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that made you go back and gave the hope and the other opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard you .
They stopped me and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from Kevin 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to do it .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the 9/11 event , and you are one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been correctly <unk> .
I took Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious of all those traits <unk> , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General Hospital 's Hospital of San Francisco that night , you 're going to call it as the patient .
`` Well , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active member of society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and your depression with the hope that your story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in the work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , robbery the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who consider suicide , or those who consider suicide , you would n't think you hurt another person .
They just want their own pain .
Usually , this is actually managed by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved in , just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who told him about an hour .
During that time , I would raise my hand three times .
On the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge do n't kill themselves .
In addition , those who have jumped in the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect to San Francisco with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us must be used to do .
suicide can be preventable .
There 's help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you are , and a question makes you become , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I was finally able to achieve the dream that I 'd had from a little girl .
My outside finally <unk> my inner truth , with me inside .
So for complicated reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I found that I 'm just starting .
We all become our families , our religion , our society , our society , our time in history , even our bodies .
Some of you have the value of free to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always challenge the status quo , which is considered to be accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called a revelation .
This is mine .
I had a <unk> as a boy at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I 'd always wear this shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
gender has always been considered <unk> , but now we know that , really , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never had to tell me to share my story , not because it thought to be what I 'm a bad thing , but how the world is about those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , dad and a family who takes me like it .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , the goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she took her for her , she would be sorry for the bank 's fees and the costumes . And that night , I won in a bathroom suit , won at a ticket suit , and he was third finalist among over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was within the world of beauty <unk> .
Not many people can say that their first job was out of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom was moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to the United States .
I had resisted .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later , I called me and said , `` Do you know if you heard the U.S. , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand to do the most <unk> surgeries , sophisticated and secure surgeries .
At that time in the U.S. , you need to have surgery before we changed the name and the gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who lived for her truth , but that , <unk> , put his life back .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All the 20th of November we do a global waking for the <unk> Day Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood up with injustice .
These are imperfect P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , at this same time , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others to live their truth without shame , and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that some day there 's no more <unk> <unk> .
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am .
Do you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you first to thank all of my blessings .
To my network of support , my parents especially , my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to trans young women , which I 've been faced with , and sometimes , when they called me , and they told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , and I 'd say , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that assignment does n't go block , and there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many , patriarchal and tribal societies , parents are generally known for their children , but I 'm one of the few fathers who are known for their daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education , defending her rights in 2007 , and when he was signing up his efforts in 2011 , to <unk> the National Prize himself , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when I was born a girl , his birth is not celebrates .
It 's not welcome , not by their father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , day his <unk> to mother and nobody 's <unk> to the father .
And a mother gets bored with a little girl .
When he gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , it was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , it feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only mother suffers , but daughter newborn , when it grows , it suffers as well .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays at home and the admits of their siblings .
Until the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and he can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , he 's held up to go out of their house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family and her family , and if I had the code of the honor of that honor , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , not only the life of a girl , also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of the honor of course .
And there 's one more standard of the patriarchal societies called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and <unk> their father 's decisions and their mother and the elderly decisions , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like it , or if you marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If you marry a young marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In words of a poet , `` marry , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of compliance to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious circle continues and goes on .
They were <unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and I looked at her eyes , believe me , really honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated by a tremendous <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter that for her .
But when I looked , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she grew , when she was four and a half and a half years , I was <unk> in my school .
You may ask , why should I mention a girl in a school ?
Yes , I must have mentioned it .
They can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many countries developed , but in the poor countries , in the tribal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great deal for the life of a girl .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that he 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations that can explore its potential for its potential life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was going to <unk> the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason that value to my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I 'd like to sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to make it out of his personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I have all these good values in my school to girls and girls alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going on the markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and the singers .
<unk> million , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk for their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> stood up , and he got up by the right to education .
He wrote a journal for the BBC blog , he was offered her for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They 're <unk> like a <unk> across the world .
And that was the reason the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign , and the October nine of 2012 , was shot in the head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , he whispered the ear to my wife , `` Should I blame him for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And she said to me , `` Please , do n't tell me .
It was the right cause .
It 's your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both of them were on the right path and God to protect . ''
These few words I would do a lot for me , and I did n't ask to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe chest pains , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow of my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
It used to tell us , `` I 'm fine with my smile , I 'm okay , I 'm going to be my smile on my face .
I 'm going to be fine . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we had <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite the rights of children and women 's rights , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries out when he 's not left .
They fight with her siblings , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What is special about my mentoring that has made so brave to be so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I tell you , do n't ask me what I did .
I do n't know what I did .
I did n't cut their wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain about 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> of my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still being equally intelligent or not ?
Are you going to be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , he would die within hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and mixing of chemicals , and try to get it , to live in life .
More than once I 've saved me a little bit .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience to try to get the <unk> dose , because there really does n't really have a clear map that I say in <unk> .
I began to test with a different mix , and I was shocked by looking at how small changes in the doses would dramatically change my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
One particularly amazing case : for a few months , I tried a few months , a few months , and typical chemicals for a 20 , and I was amazed when I saw my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the most intelligent person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met various types , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as one end .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a so insecure , fixing a problem that was in front of it , and it just did n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my doses .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and what they have to go through . Since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I tried to do , and they adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , I was to get my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my thinking thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about almost always in pictures , and that became my key reference point : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to do this , new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes look similar things .
They thought the images and the ideas in the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are those who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works , to me is simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'll find the point right , and I 've already got a lot of great <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated , good sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to carry these mental images quickly , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a film director would be able to use your imagination only to run the world in front of the world ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as a way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
So let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to reach this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups that are made in neuroscience .
Both used MRI technology , image with functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see brain scanning by <unk> <unk> and their colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual as it was imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the contents of the central column from the left . You see the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image , and imagine looking at that same image .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They were able to convert the brainwaves into recognizably visual fields .
So let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they 're going to get into their brains to create a great reaction of brain reactions in the video footage .
Then , I showed you a movie with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as it was a new scan .
The computer , using only the brain information to be used to show what it seemed like the person I was seeing .
On the right you can see the computer variation , and on the left , the video you showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're pretty close to that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you look at an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same mapping .
This was carried out with the brain scanning systems of most available resolution , and their resolution has been increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is a opening up the skull and you put electrodes .
I do n't give me for that .
A lot of them are proposing new techniques of projection by images , even me , with the recent result of MRI , first we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the path ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with magnets larger , but at this point , magnets <unk> only have small improvements in the resolution , not by thousands of us as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in ingenious , brilliant , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receivers of FM radio in MRI systems .
Instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use structured <unk> patterns to the FM radio frequencies .
So , by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequencies , we can increase the information that can be collected in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide into layers our rising knowledge of the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is the dream .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly into a direct digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move over the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's disease and similar diseases .
We have a few more options that open this door .
Anyway , take a year , will it happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not just in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Her closet is probably saying to some person for the first time that loves her or saying to someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you 've ever been through in life .
All of course is a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of being lived and have come out of that closet , is something universal .
Particularly , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't get my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> addicted to Franco .
And I 'm standing out of my short pants on my short pants , and I 'd put my head back a little bit , I 'm usually asked , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there was a awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a anger .
The father was <unk> the newspaper and the mother was launched to his son .
But I would n't say anything , and <unk> inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a boy between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
It would n't be a difficult conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a guy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was just ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues on the table . He had the quotes from Betty <unk> .
The quotes from Gloria Steinem .
Even a fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down the look and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back again , and I got a lot closer to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is a little bit confusing .
I have the short hair like this one guy , and I 've seen a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , by paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . `` Ah , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had .
Why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both of us were honest with the other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But inside , in the dark , you can not know what color are the walls .
You just know how a feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons for why leaving my closet was more difficult than coming out of your closet , but this is the issue : the hard thing is n't relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has declared banking banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that is more difficult than telling your five year-old son to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop <unk> what we 're difficult with is what it 's difficult to do for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we must only feel empathy , because we all live something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they may be able to make security , or at least more security than what the other side of the door is going on .
But I 'm here to tell you that it does n't matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and <unk> shoes .
It was no militant lesbian ready to fight any four years that would come into coffee .
I was frozen because of fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and it 's going to move only a muscle is the most scary thing that I 've ever done .
My family , my friends , complete strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be disappointed , and now the world turned around .
I was burning pages in a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade release was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time many among the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing my wife 's job , in my black dress and heels . I walked around the tables and finally came to a where the friends of my parents were , people who were known to me .
And after a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane . ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Did you know , ever were you in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's great . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and it 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace program ?
And you know who love it ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but I was waiting for desperately to show her support , to get me to know that he was on my side , he finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband is using pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask someone , but do they struggle ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
It 's like the hard conversations remain without being my strong point .
Ask anyone who I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what involves coming out of any field is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
Take the armor . Be the same .
That little girl in the cafe I had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others must know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . They just <unk> your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , <unk> .
If they say to their parents that might be gay , they would maintain the hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most important -- let 's make the complex .
You communicate their truth .
It would never be distracted by that .
And some of you can get wounded , you know , <unk> for what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you will be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but they do n't own your own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find out in a dark closet , you get a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` A machine can think is as interesting as the <unk> question is as interesting as a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of the computer computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the underlying physical mechanisms of intelligence .
So let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from a alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of Earth and the Earth 's Earth or intelligence 's intelligence , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth for millions , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , you would have to be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how , to some point in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped trying to do it .
And so I claim that this is the same question of understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that it took a number of years ago , I looked at a variety of themes across science , across several disciplines , which pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be adjusted for the development of intelligence , and , in particular , for the development of universal states that we have the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to tap into the robots of the robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , I asked , for several years : Is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes ?
Is there an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain options open , with a force T , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yeah , until an imminent time future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get caught .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain options open .
And so having in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask : what can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you have the human intelligence level ?
Do you look at artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life they should have trend more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is <unk> a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long run , but actually it comes directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system where it finds itself in .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple tests of animal intelligence , play games of humans , and even making money by trading actions , all of it would n't have to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling over , here we see balancing attached to a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to be able to balance the pole .
This skill skill will have applications for the robot robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of the task of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So , for example , here we see them successfully playing a game of a game against itself , and I 'll make your potential for play .
So here we 're going to be able to show you together orchestrate new connections into a social network where the friends are constantly getting out and keeps the networked well connected .
This same network capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a ship ships , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to scale globally , from the Atlantic to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in terms of autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovered and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a set of actions , successfully rising assets under their exponentially , exponentially .
This is this risk of risk management is going to have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors like the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derived from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the use of the term `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you were smart machines , there would be an cyber rebellion .
The machines get up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that the machines are getting smart and then <unk> and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of every possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the search for the goal .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you find goals come out of this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and lose the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , over the last few years , we 've expanded so much of our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of the stars when the planets go through the front of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure crowd of potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest .
<unk> and ice ice that have been with us for millennia now , are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that have caused the global scale , have rapidly passed our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not the weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could tell you that I look for alien opportunity for the housing sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets like the Earth , the more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet , and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> and even though it 's a little bit further from the Sun , it can be a potentially habitable world demonstrated by a mission like the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' track its surface in pursuit of the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , as the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Companies now provide not only short space flight , but also the ability to live on Mars .
But even though all of these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize in , places we 're really able to colonize on comparison with Mars .
Even in the most dry places of the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen <unk> by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets will drag with a great shadow and sad shadow -- the implication and the belief of some that Mars is going to be there to save us from this single <unk> planet that we know that it 's really habitable , the Earth .
For a long way that I like exploring <unk> exploration , I disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is as to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will be more late in the lifespan .
But the targets for <unk> exploration and terrestrial preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
<unk> environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They just find more close to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the Earth , maybe we could meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment , the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Enrico Fermi famously asked , how did our universe have been around for a long time , and we hope there were many planets there in this universe , we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when the civilizations become advanced advanced to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're going to build this .
It 's arrogant to think that only we 'll be able to save us from ourselves , but our planetary preservation and exploration exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments on Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'd run my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see through the window who were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a lot of time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't come home from Jeff 's friend to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe , the next morning , and <unk> from my passport and suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's safe that there 's no more expensive <unk> than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing there .
I 'm a neuroscientist , a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate , <unk> the adrenaline levels and <unk> .
And when I got to the middle counter counter at the airport , I realized that I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I began to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could be able to put in place , which will prevent bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you will make the probability of total catastrophe .
So I started to think about that , but until a month later , my thoughts would n't tell .
I was dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed he talked about I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing with something called <unk> <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny 's explains , you 're looking forward and trying to figure out all the things that might be wrong , then you try to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are obvious , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious thing .
In the house , it 's a place for the things that are lost easily .
This sounds of common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to keep track of the location of important things , where it 's the good , where the fish are , that 's where the fish are , where the <unk> tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in the spring of London .
It 's the part of the brain that enables squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you wonder if someone really did the experiment , they cut out the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they could still find their nuts .
They were not using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move a lot , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose your car keys , reading and passports .
So in the house , you 'd run a place for the keys , a hook on the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular table .
If you take a place , and they 're <unk> with it , your stuff will always be there when you 're looking for it .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a photo of your credit cards , license , <unk> , <unk> <unk> themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , it can facilitate the substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is recognizing that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take that they would benefit from the rational assessment of the facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit tall . ''
Everyone knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , heart attack .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to do a medication that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed medication in the world today . It 's even likely to know people that you know them .
So you think , `` Yes , <unk> the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that 's been to ask that most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even at least .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or undergoing surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistics is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not your doctor 's guilt , and if it 's a guilt of someone , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only from 30 to 50 percent of people .
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , which do you think it is ?
How many people have to take it before you can help a person ?
300 .
This is the research of researchers ' research investigating <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the medication for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now , maybe you think , `` Well , one chance of 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Yes ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain pain and articulate pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember , under stress you do n't think clearly .
So , think about how to do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped it , five percent of the 300 have a side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that helps you to help you the medication .
I 'm not saying they should not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic takes it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this one needs to treat it is quite typical .
For the surgery that the most is done in the older men in 50 , <unk> prostate prostate cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects of that case is produced in 50 percent of patients .
Those include three-quarters or erectile disfunction , urinary incontinence , poison rectal , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky enough , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects that just <unk> a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about time before the questions that you can argue to <unk> the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change your opinion at the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases low stress , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you turn off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face a face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if your body is spending metabolism on those things , it wo n't react very quickly . You could get the male lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail at all time .
The idea is to think about the future , how could those failure be , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place .
<unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination next to the door , with a key on the front door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of messages of email I have n't read .
So I 'm not really organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` dreaming , '' is my favorite music symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more softly .
Two <unk> , even more gentle .
Four , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there it looks like it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my very <unk> definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came over the decade of 1800 , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and it was developed the language that we now know as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and they taught me that the sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're actually in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sound , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , practices , behavior and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and they amplify the sound .
Now , I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't get the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise to eat the bag of chips . ''
`` Do n't <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` sound tag . ''
I might think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm a <unk> of the sounds .
And I 'm always expecting a sound to some of the sound that 's going to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to do it with my thumb , so it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I only have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for a artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that 's my attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has come into my realm of art .
Is it going to be more of the art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't only experience through your ears .
I can feel it kind of tactile , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention to I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a little bit of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that well I could tell me and my artwork , or I could empower them .
I chose that I was <unk> .
There 's a mass culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be able to be relevant to society today .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary way of value as a loan to a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I might be able to argue with oblivion and not having any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was amazed by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same thing is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals as the sounds of the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor for you to understand how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> divide in many different kinds of parameters .
If you 're mapping a different parameter for every finger as you touch the piano , like facial expression , the body movement , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so , while you play the piano , the English is a linear language , like if you 're going to tell you only one key at the time .
However , it 's more like a chord , however , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , I would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can tell different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> in that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> in that . ''
I 'm seeing you .
Mountain .
Oh , I 'll tell you .
Uh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough .
So I started to think , and if I look at the <unk> through the music glasses ?
So if I had to create a sign , and it 's <unk> over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and it gets .
This is every day .
So , if you zoom in , and you slow the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel the same thing as `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed in <unk> and how the distance to the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
And then , `` Come on . '' `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea and dramatic idea at the time , `` Once you had . ''
`` Money , '' is a musical term with a particular rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` ordinary time , '' I think automatically at `` at the same time . ''
See <unk> : hand right , E : hand left .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
( 2 Face : <unk> , a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
All of my hands in high hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in your head like the chest , something like `` ordinary time , '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means <unk> in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world .
The second I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar , all of us occur in your head and chest , but they convey very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because it does n't have sound , it does n't automatically have social value .
We need to start to question what defines social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> . Do n't you have to hear about learning music .
The <unk> is a treasure trove of , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a kid , my parents said to me , `` You can tell me everything , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I was older , I found out that the adults also <unk> , and that they 're not very good for cleaning people from others .
The time happened , now I 'm an adult , and I teach citizenship and invention in the <unk> school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk through the beach <unk> with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope , and we classify them into this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table with height <unk> so that children are very <unk> as well .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
We do .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child , and trying to get it into something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get excited with the robots .
Then we created very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in the prototyping creation that we end up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and websites on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the plastic pieces floating through the sensor , while the computer on board process process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an indicator estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I took this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone makes it even more .
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're getting into this image .
One child , maybe under 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were shocked because this is the water that you drink , it 's the water where you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So , we built a first prototype of a spectrometer that can light through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
We took this prototype with a sensor , and we send him to Bangladesh .
What 's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help help other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe I could address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed many cities on the East coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a second .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to the water .
And today , according to the reports , a 300 metric tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks very safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident , and investigating independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and we wanted to take the children .
Of course we did n't get them , the parents did n't let it .
But every night we informed the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It could seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the <unk> all their life .
Together with them , we discussed the data that day and talk about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the rise of elevation , we created pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and glue water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust is filtering from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear central to the date .
We zoom up to a mile of the nuclear station , and with the fishermen of fishermen in the area , we were collecting sediments of the sea bed with a tracking device as we invented and build .
Here 's a progress here : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more and more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the greatest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's at the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children ' dreams can become reality with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We were asking things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , maker , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made of thousands of steel parts , the other one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is on the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
<unk> was only <unk> tool .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information that took for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been mastered by rigors of manufacturing and production on mass .
The assembly line has dictated a world made from parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as <unk> in discreet parts with different functions .
But you do n't find very smooth material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
One acts mainly as a filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that shapes its functionality through variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my vision of the world divided , the double personality of every designer and architect to work on the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My work , at the simplest level , trying to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching the growth .
You 're going to be wondering : Why now ?
Why was it not possible that 10 or even five years ago ?
We live at a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines it would deliver designers to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please , know the minds and my hands of my students .
We designed objects , products and structures and tools across scales , scale , like this robotic arm with the span of 24 meters in diameter that one day not very far back to print whole buildings , and graphics with the nanoscale made of genetically engineered microorganisms .
Here we have <unk> the latticework , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every aperture is only about size to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion show from Paris with <unk> <unk> -- it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and no seams between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This hull combines rigid and soft materials at the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this very high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows product to design products that are <unk> not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> , structural chair , comfortable and also it absorbs sound .
The professor Carter , my collaborator , came back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , becomes <unk> .
<unk> this surface of 44 different properties , which vary on stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the price points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , changes its functionality that is not by the addition of other material or another assembly , but it 's continually <unk> and delicately out material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is there any parts in nature ?
I did n't raised in a Jewish Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me about the Hebrew Bible stories , and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she <unk> , `` On the third day of the Creation , God tells the Earth to grow a <unk> tree of fruit . ''
So for that first tree , there was no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the earth did grow trees with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made from parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would the design would be if the objects were made of one piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ?
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree of tree <unk> with fruits , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons produced by organisms as shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think if we could tune into your properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked ourselves a lot of husks of shrimp , the <unk> and produced <unk> paste .
They have the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
In order to print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple nozzles of <unk> controlled robotically .
The robot could vary the properties of the material going on , and create these structures made from one single 3.5 , <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms , which appeared for the first time on the planet about a billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition into no mesh beam problems , and if it extends even longer , to windows .
A <unk> tree <unk> .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with plentiful water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a <unk> structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for biodegrade objects , put in the sea , <unk> marine life ; and put in the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we must master bacteria and control their flow .
So , like the periodic table , we made our own elements of elements , new forms of life created <unk> , man-made form and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just rather than <unk> metals , new biological functionalities is synthesized in very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're looking at our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquids bacterial bacterial .
In our first piece of clothes , it combined two microorganisms .
The first is the <unk> .
He lives in our oceans and in the sweet water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One turns the light in sugar , the other eats sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help you flow through these bacteria , and that they will make their function on their way .
So we began to grow those channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material on the desired functionality .
If we wanted to more photosynthesis , they 're making more transparent channels more transparent .
This wearable digestive system , when they stretch from one end to another , 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our thin intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be here at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels , bright liquid channels with life within clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are a fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we would rebuild our skin , and we would have broken tissue to hold our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to come back to nature .
Now , now , you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it was <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about to this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , uniting those fibers together .
And this is going through scales .
The silk worm first becomes in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , is manifest themselves in one material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of the cocoon of silk .
However , by putting the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that it would be a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
The silk worms are often killed to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
They 're <unk> safely , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk , and we put it into our site .
We knew that the worms of silk worms are going to be darker and cool areas , so we 're using a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , they 'll get the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We are going to make silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after I feed four weeks , they were prepared to meet us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> eggs , and life begins again , like us , but a lot , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By cutting biological silk and <unk> silk silk , they give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little bit of two or three weeks , you 'll wear silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
One <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings that surround us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions in the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which takes us from a design design in nature to a nature inspired nature of the design , which demands us for the first time , that we let us take care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
They can <unk> your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be from the biggest ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who never could answer the question , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and <unk> and art and developed web sites . In addition , playing guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to know about something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to tell you about it , and I 'm going to leave me to <unk> and feel `` Yes ! I 've found this thing , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to get a little bit into that .
This pattern caused a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to convert all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and I would encourage you to <unk> .
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something bad about this , and something wrong with me , because I did n't know anything .
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate my story , and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask myself .
Ask yourself , where do you have learned the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where you learned it : I learned it from the culture .
And we asked ourselves , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
It 's about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do to that age .
It 's considered a naive question to create cute answers in kids like , `` To be an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I was looking at the slide suit here .
This question takes us over and over again , as we grew up in many different ways , the <unk> , to the high school students , asked you to choose at college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise before it takes us off .
Why ?
Now , if this issue inspires kids to dream with what they might be , it does n't inspire me to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though adults may not laugh and say , `` Oh , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't become artisan and psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is artisan to violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , who was converted to <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of living life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to engage during their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are a lot of different themes that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And feel that there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that to say .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 're going to take the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was the guy who was okay with multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
We 'll get any term you like or you might like you , or your own .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we can not agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as limitation or woe you must be beat .
But what I 've learned from talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressing his shared interests in cartography , visualization , travel , mathematics and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that was created geographically geographically .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points at the intersection .
The second superpower superpower is fast learning .
When we <unk> we are interested in something , we 're going to go to it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it 's been a lot of times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid to test new things and out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> time and an independent writer .
As a fellow pianist they were going to have been an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I become a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when their practices was starting , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for publishers .
It 's rarely a loss of time to engage what you 're drawn to , even if at the end , they leave .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower superpower is adaptability . I mean , the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other , <unk> web designer , <unk> , sometimes a master pages , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because he does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take up different roles , depending on the needs of your customers .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , the ones that we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three abilities where the <unk> are very adept , and three abilities that could be lost if you 're a <unk> to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster care to themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional problems , and we need the creative creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the womb by knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams get up from a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep down and put ideas into ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that engage with how we are connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> , they are encouraging people to simply be more like their specialized partners .
Now , once I said this , if there 's one thing that you 're going to take in this talk , I hope that 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever .
Yes , if you 're a heart specialist , then , you 've got a heart specialist .
That 's where you give the best thing .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those that you 've just realized about being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I tell you : <unk> with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity for those <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
You know , our inner wiring brings us to a more authentic life and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> led to a psychiatric psychiatric disorder .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember the most basic details of their life .
Her doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but I 'd go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy autopsy and they found strange plates and rolls in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If we had lived in life today , we could n't give her it more aid than he had given him Bobby years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
For biologists , medicine has moved a lot .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> for the <unk> and much more .
But some of it has been moved on treating Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm a part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's from over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But in 2050 , it will affect 150 million , which , by the way , will include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to age 85 or more , the ability to get Alzheimer 's disease to be almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that they 're going to spend their years with Alzheimer 's disease or helping care to take care of a friend or be dear to Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars a year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and its costs need a <unk> increase in the year 2050 , as the generation of the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the major medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death all over the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that you ca n't prevent or cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less of Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases , because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more of the cancer research , which in Alzheimer 's cancer research , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us , even the scientists , the <unk> disease with aging .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the patient 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's caused by Alzheimer 's disease , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
We now know that they 're made of protein molecules .
They can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper it folds like an origami .
There are places on the paper that are sticky .
And when it folds right , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left on the outside .
This makes protein molecules stick in each other , forming groups that can form great plates and rolls .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and identifying the thing to block is complex , as a bomb thrown out .
I 'll put a wire off a wire .
The others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that makes it block , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in the most part , they 've got down the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemists , physical , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now we 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our latest results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at a few videos from what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that stick between each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that heal and live life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and fix .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to think that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we 're trying to , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have more research research and daily pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
We see that same unit of overcoming cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk to themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , they 're often too much <unk> to go out and advocate for the change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everyone with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change they need for themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column , in January of January this year .
To fall in love with somebody , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to test it myself one night last summer .
And so the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers would be completed to get 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you put to another person ?
And just ?
Now , it 's really interesting , these are increasingly personal and more personal .
Number 30 : This one , I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had been married six months later , and invited back to the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was a little bit skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to be born .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the holy column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's on August , so I guess some of you probably will be wondering : Do you go together yet ?
And the reason I think the question is because I 've done this question for me and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before he was published the article was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends , and I imagined that my article in the New York Times will be probably about thousands of views .
And that came a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I 've already called `` Today Show , '' and Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article got over eight million visits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing with sincerity about their own love experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of a has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call or write , what they did every day for weeks , always the same question , they were doing the same question : still together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for my email from my email with the phrase : `` Do you still go together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio , and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should wait for people to feel comfortable about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be able to make their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , who included the readers of readers to test the study on them with different grades of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved for my own relationship .
I said , `` No at every request that we were both making a public address together .
We got television interviews , and he refused to pick out the photos of photos for us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the <unk> process . A range for the one that I did n't feel at absolute inspiring .
And I understand that people did n't want to know about just if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people made the wrong question .
How do you want to know if we would follow together or not , and then you would tell them ?
If the answer was not , I would do the experience of doing these 36 times less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking at interpersonal focus on college students , using what everyone called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt more close to doing that . Several later studies used the <unk> protocol of Aron and a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They have used it between members of the police and community , and they 've used it between people of opposite policies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little bit of a liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me , and he said to me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , `` Do you mean that you would tell you from the person you did ? ''
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I was , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better better after proving the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I 'd had that relationship since I had 20 , what was supposed to be my adult life , and he was my first love of real love , and I had no idea how or living without him .
So I took over in science .
And so I did research for all I could find about romantic love science , and I expected that that could kind of spread the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just did research for the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel like that .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than that they can reasonably demand me .
What I 'm looking for is a guarantee , not only to be loved today and I will be loved tomorrow , but I will continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because falling all of us feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that question : still continue together ?
And its content with an answer of whether or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that we make more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How would stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the question of your partner ?
I do n't know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known , and we applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , and I 'm very happy .
But falling in love is not the same thing to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
<unk> fall in love because we took choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit when I read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered all that choice .
I did n't see how many times we 'd have to make that decision , and how much times I will have to keep making that choice without knowing before he always wanted or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions , you have chosen to love somebody as generous , kind and fun , and have expressed that choice in the largest day in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't really wrote .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone , and the hope that he also is to love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a full lesbian in a mountain , and I was actually raised as a <unk> forest .
Something that really affected me but more details later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I 'd run a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in the Colorado somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange example or a aliens found this box , about 500 years later and <unk> how our species <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from visit and surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages , and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> that I was , I wrapped the resin and a bee left caught .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could do it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it grew up of size , as if it was that I 'd put the text on a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding through the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow out of <unk> , drawing the same way that 's done around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , botanical -- that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun drawing on the resin .
And it was great , because I started to build shows and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , the sculpture of resin , very natural resin with human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing of a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my play with something really big , that I call `` triptych . ''
To the triptych , I was inspired by a great measure of the delight from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych . I 'll get this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
Five meters long .
It has double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , he 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with <unk> animals travel between two worlds .
You go from the world of representation , this sort of analog mesh mesh , where they hide .
This is where the creatures with heads of animals are headed to the beacon , lists to kill themselves in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> -- the refuge of Osama Bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and spitting out oil in a hand while the other hand gets clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's summit , and spitting clouds out of this nose .
It also has a <unk> <unk> , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
But anyway , its tail turn to the <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball of <unk> <unk> from 1986 .
Have you seen it ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were a baseball cards of the terrorists .
It leads me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each acts as a kind of file in a form of a human being , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking years .
Each one is basically a <unk> microscope , which weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped inside .
This is a little cave in my chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the input .
I 'm going to accompany you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher of these works because I ca n't get it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
And in this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world -- and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people in it strikes each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who it is and the box where it 's living .
And together we came to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from borders , from religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts about the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so this pill has an effect on the pain , first of all goes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective system and <unk> for any drug effect on the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that when we put it into any drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV patients .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these jobs are going to decrease the amount of virus in the blood , and increase the cell count cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to your blood stream , it 's <unk> , and worse still for the time that it takes to get to its destination , which is where it is more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body , like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the blood flow of the patients who are going to go to regular antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of treating HIV treatment with current drugs that are a lifelong treatment for life .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If they 're used in dentistry , for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can imagine , including the <unk> transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and closed , almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
They ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We send a little laser beam of laser on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro technology , or dishes , but the goal is to take this technology to the human body , applying it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it frees up directly on the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look very long .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV .
Yes , a cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied groups <unk> groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
So what these groups do when they 're not shooting at it .
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation to the nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and actors of actors .
For example , of <unk> peace agreements with 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had been signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even have to engage them or <unk> in any process of successful conflicts of successful conflicts .
But how do you do it ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how do they do , but nobody 's looking at what they do when they do n't fight .
The military struggle and political struggle relate .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent Feel against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military system .
In the same way , Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also managing the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They are multitasking .
So we had a complex machine of communication : radio stations , TV channels , websites of Internet and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the magazine of ISIS , printed in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups are also investing in a complex fundraising of funding , but through profitable business -- for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funding , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : create stronger ties with their population to invest in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they 're going to go online for professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population to offering something that the state does n't provide , security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by the war or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can also be understood by the efforts of these groups to deliver security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a high-resolution price for the population .
But in general , social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 , Palestinian Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we looked at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill in the government gaps by the government , and they emerge as armed groups and political groups participate in nonviolent struggle and gives governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated and sophisticated organizations are , we can less <unk> as something else to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
<unk> part of a territory , they 're running all their functions , collect the garbage , running the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of no state and hybrids , and the weakest are states , as in the Middle East , the more come in and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in the military not military .
You know , you know , that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace .
If we can better understand the armed groups , we will understand better what incentives to offer to the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and actors and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not give peace and stability .
To achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My views of gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of `` feminist , '' that would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'd become a bad feminist .
Or at least , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 , I had some strange ideas about feminist , these women who are excited , hearing with the men and they hate sex .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone , which was using people when he had been using the feminist .
It will be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a kind of taboo , unpleasant word .
I became like a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's like or top to a man .
No one wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They would be the same pay for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free or violence .
We have right to use it in a easy way and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without legislative controls or doctrines <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to account for our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to have these differences and how we affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without these kinds of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap , <unk> music to all volume .
Even though the letter degrades the women , and it offends the women , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' from the yin Yang .
`` Do it actually with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give , <unk> , until you forgot the shell . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of the man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all household tasks , but also killing insects , the collection of the grass and the <unk> maintenance care .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and romantic comedies , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that are actually made .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it gets forward economically vulnerable through this choice , the problem is that our society is actually <unk> in a way that makes women be economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
They 're going to look at conventional feminism , which has ignored or <unk> the needs of color women , the workers and gay and transgendered , in favor of white , heterosexual , middle-class and high class .
Listen , if that 's a great feminism , I 'm a really bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to make perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retire with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I 'm a mess of that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , especially the innovators and the leaders of the sector are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that tag means , for fear of not being able to fulfill the <unk> expectations .
Let 's take <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist member .
In the Ed Music of 2014 , in MTV , ran in front of the word `` feminist , '' in front of the word `` feminist . ''
It was a wonderful show , to see this pop star embracing the feminism and to know the women and young men who become a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics started endless arguments if they were not just a feminist .
They had a feminism idea , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still fighting a lot , we want a lot , we need so freaking out .
We 're going to go far beyond silver and constructive , to embrace the feminism of any woman , tear it up until it 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We have to recognize our flaws to give the bills , move to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I hear music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists wo n't change their way to talk about women in their songs until they would change change effectively to their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions are justify that it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think in my nieces , three and four years .
They 're two great , brilliant , brilliant girls , and too brave .
Where they are appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is seen as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is all about sexual violence against women like sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like anything .
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies do n't deal with women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports professionals where athletes deal with boxing as a boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until you do n't have enough women enough women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive , with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help ourselves be including more like we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision signals .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the top , people in the power directors and movie producers and music producers , CEOs , the people who can make great decisions , more brave , to create a lasting , more brave change .
We can also tell our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially , because the old man my voice was stolen to me , and feminism helped me .
There was a incident .
I call it the incident to address what happened .
A few guys struck me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe it was nothing .
<unk> my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and of the women that looked like me , and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the fact that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say , and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little brave , when you need to be a bit brave .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles children for having to visit Disneyland , or to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal to a kid with a <unk> immune system , it 's one of the diseases most easily preventable in the world .
There is an effective vaccine for over half a century , but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be even worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that unleashed on autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe the majority of intelligent scientists that the theory cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of fathers around the world are still afraid to prevent vaccines in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of the rise of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard of she had to talk about she creates their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued to stable only three or four children for each 10,000 .
But then in the 1990s , the numbers started to <unk> .
<unk> of fundraising , like <unk> <unk> , refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another epidemic at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Disease Disease , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic diagnostic '' and `` a better detection of cases , '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate much the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two-year-old son , the visual contact .
If the stories of the diagnostic criteria had you to scale , why were they so tight ?
Why were those cases of autism , so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow , slow progress from the science that with the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told us a story about what autism is , and how it discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same is having a devastating impact on global health care .
There was a second most accurate story about autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a <unk> child , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In Calcutta , <unk> published a paper that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands on their faces , but they were guilty of the panic by <unk> as they did n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of patients in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority in the world in the subject , stated that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as far as they pick up references from places as far as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria of <unk> for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnostic to children with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had been realized that he had become nine in 10 children being sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These children , he said , they 've kept it very carefully in a fridge that 's not <unk> .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that together in certain areas like music , math and memory .
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before the age of two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad view of these abilities , saying things like the children were just quite popular what they had heard of their parents , they were desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of <unk> mothers 's theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had an autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl , like <unk> Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National <unk> Service needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They did a study of prevalence prevalence in the general population .
<unk> a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , whereas others were going on in their own fascination by astrophysics , in dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In another way , these children did n't fit in nice , beautiful , <unk> , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
Early on , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't you realize these children before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the cinders of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I was aware of this article from competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in their own work .
There was n't even a translation in English , but luckily , the husband of <unk> spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
And his author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was a <unk> clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
And the morning in his clinic , they started with exercises of exercises with music , and children follow their games on Sundays later .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability of life that required <unk> forms of support and spaces adapted over the course of life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called her little teachers , and he was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially appropriate for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disabilities .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in pop-up archetypal culture as the awkward social scientist and the awkward teacher .
He was beyond even to say , that for the success of science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were the user .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association Association to expand the bill that reflects the diversity of what called the autistic spectrum .
By the end of 80 and the early '90s , its changes came into place , <unk> the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive structure of Asperger .
These changes did n't fall into my broken bag .
She said , when I was looking at and Judith worked on the way to reform these criteria , people around the world to see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the performance of Eating Man like Raymond <unk> and the `` Rain Man '' with four awards 's `` Rain Man , '' which was pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and fathers all over the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy medical trials were introduced to be used to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect , a perfect storm of awareness of autism .
The number of diagnostics started to rise in , like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was , achieving the people with autism and their families finally get the support and services they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blaming vaccines by the rise of diagnostics -- a simple , powerful , seductive history and seductive history of the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the center of preventing that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles because of the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the strains of human cognition .
One way to understand the <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social autopsy , and it suffers from a attention deficit to the details .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most <unk> aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers , employers with ability , support communities , and fathers with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to address the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not allow us to waste away or a brain .
Thank you .
