You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear it as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you today about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a revelation is usually something that you fell somewhere .
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class .
He was just beating up every week in the children 's bathroom , until a teacher saved me life .
She saved my life for letting me walk into the teachers ' room .
I did it .
For three years .
And I had to leave the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to begin working in organizations fighting for AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that teacher , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm aware of adults we never get to know us .
You could get it to Ohio , and please bring that guy that I know you 've ever found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get it up with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we care about her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so , as a woman who wanted to know me as an adult , she became a box of ashes , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today that I was talking about today .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my job , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature , and that everything interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
<unk> around the water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't even more than thinking that it was a snow on another snowflake year after year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall from glaciers or the glaciers or break down the ice .
Every iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them are <unk> to give up and hang on to the end , while others ca n't stand it longer , and they would become a <unk> of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think about , when you look at a iceberg , that are isolated and lonely , as much as human beings .
But reality is all the opposite .
As a result is melting , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
So as a iceberg is melting water , rich freshwater in minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I get close to photograph these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way , and they will not exist in that way again .
It 's not death when they melt ; it 's not a end , but one continuation of its journey through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> that I 'm photographing is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's a bit frequent to actually see a rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved on to the other side , and the man 's standing there .
This is a <unk> iceberg , the average size .
<unk> from the water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so I just said , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want to be arrested at the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention to me .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the Y chromosome is linked to the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of sperm joins the X chromosome from the egg .
Both sides , and it starts living .
We 'll get back to them later .
In my activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- you mean , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my job is the activist , as a patient care or , as I say sometimes , advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working on , for example , with fraternal twins , two people inside one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than half .
And I 've worked with many cases of atypical sex people , individuals whose physics typology does n't fit in male and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that wo n't be seen in the common or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual who 's on the face of an XY -- XY gene in the chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which became testicles .
And then , in fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone of testosterone , the body is not reacting to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following a young female course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a child .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when they 're growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something 's going on .
After doing tests realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a guy , but it 's actually not that .
Women , as men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know its <unk> structure ; I think it will be a typical woman most of women as I 'm sensitive to them .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to them .
As a result , someone like me have the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that have the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere .
Another example : A few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as male ; he had girlfriend , and sex with her , had a life as a boy , and I had just found out I had ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had 20th chromosomes , and in the uterus , <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormonal hormonal component .
He was born with a child ; no one suspected nothing .
And it was at the age of 19 , when he started to have medical problems caused by medical menstruation , when doctors found out that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , namely , they have <unk> tissue wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are lots of sex varieties .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies will be <unk> , fraternal twins , or <unk> , or <unk> surgery , not to be able to enjoy it as much physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go back into the various surgery is that they are a threat for our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , it will be black to say to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture that we have about individualism .
Our nation is based on very romantic individualism .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born as two people inside of one body .
The high school case is last year from the past year with the South <unk> South Asian <unk> , and he put his sex on the Berlin Olympics .
A lot of journalists called it to wonder , `` What do you test ? ''
And I had to tell the journalists that there is not such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and women and women and <unk> ; we are us who we map that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more advances in science , we need to admit that these categories -- that we were thinking about were stable empty categories that were born directly with stable estate categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What would we think about the fact that they did n't have a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in in science , we get more and more in a uncomfortable zone that we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all the circles of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know inside of it , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot of him put a pen in front of his nose , and if it was still not going on it .
If she stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And , as a result , we need to deal with a dilemma of determining really somebody 's death , and it puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories in the past .
And maybe you think that this computer explosion could be happy like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I 'm talking to people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that me put nervous .
You know , let these categories are much more fragile than we thought about me .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this kind of tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent <unk> of the Founding fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each of you watching that <unk> music `` 1776 , '' and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's why it happened in 1776 with fathers .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and I tell them why .
The thing that they had rejected was a anatomy of anatomy , and they had to put it out with another one that was radical and beautiful , and kept for for 200 years .
And , as all of you remember , what they had rejected our Founding fathers was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know all the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was due to political power for the right of blood reports to the father and then the son and so on .
Parents turned down that idea and replace it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They gave up the game of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not differences . That was very radical .
And in part , they were doing it because they 're part of a clear system where two things were happening .
It was happening and at the same time was born in science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of the Founding fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were stripped away from the supernatural explanations , and therefore they rejected the concept of power that they could be supernatural about going from a vague idea of birth .
They were moving into a naturalist concept .
And if you look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And by a consequence , they were streaming out the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing that , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what about years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then they came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights Movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are going to get to the anatomical amount of anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we need to start asking ourselves why we maintain certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomy in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should have <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that at the age of five years they had to allow them to have sex or to get married .
There are some anatomic divisions that for me , and I think we should keep them .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why do they keep them .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , by the contrary , was born in term , was born on March 1 .
For the only fact that he was born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights to three months before Henry -- right to the right to sex consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it 's a different biological age , but because it was born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man , if I have n't told them if it 's <unk> , virtue of being considered man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> of Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can get married in all of the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So there still do still do anatomy in anatomy that in various ways is trouble and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science is so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point to have to admit that a based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is getting away .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we need to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a guy , you do n't have to have chromosome and to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome and chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests of people .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you to the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founders of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I 'll witness it . ''
He says we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on content in their character ?
I want to point out , well , I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be able to make it out of this for <unk> rights to people , because I 'll admit that I know that I know some <unk> <unk> who probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them may be able to make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions that people than I know .
So how do you put in practice on the content of character ?
It 's very hard .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if character 's character could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
So what I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this <unk> of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is supposed to be murdered , unless he 's willing to be able to have a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd done to give birth twins and then they grow up their fame .
But when the phone asked her about the operation , I asked a very <unk> operation , told me that in that other country , these children would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , has been considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are not able to change the state of the state .
So I think we need to be in the head .
Well , to end , I mean I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it could have been , if we had given greater participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that 's that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about group group .
For years , because I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in researching the sex difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how much thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to social social relationships and care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
A years ago , when I was in grad graduate , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism <unk> me as a feminist , like <unk> made me a strange .
`` Tell me what he 's got from female feminism . ''
And I thought , `` That 's the smartest question I 've ever heard .
feminism has to do with undo the gender of gender , so there 's nothing female feminism . ''
But the more I 've ever thought about , the more I 've ever thought about , most of you have a little female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female 's brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people 's part of the state , it 's possible that , they may have added more mothers to this concept , perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection from reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond the anatomy -- think less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a perfect union , let 's think about what we do about others .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family think of where they want to go live and work , I have the chance to choose between less a bunch of different cities that are competing for to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we are far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't count on a single city willing to <unk> .
But the surprising thing about cities is that they 're worth more than their cost of construction .
So easily , we could <unk> the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it would just be taken out of apartment buildings .
Imagine that the half of those who want to live in apartment , they were already supported , and the other half is not any free to do it .
You might try to increase the ability to build it in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that 's going on is that those buildings and the areas around us have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions for construction .
So it would be very hard to do all of those .
But you could go to a completely new place , building a completely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place <unk> construction instead of putting audiences .
So I proposed that governments are going to have new high-tech areas to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under charter .
Later , I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about challenge to reform Honduras .
You know that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> would be supported by a platform in which <unk> reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the <unk> to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , such as those rules that say they ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
We 've got a lot of attention to new technologies , but it needs both of technology as a rules to make progress , and they usually are the rules that prevent us forward .
In the 20th century , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami , in a conference room in a hotel .
I tried to tell you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . See , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under a charter is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that specifies up there and a choice so that people can choose if they want to go and not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country will advance .
He asked me to go out and talk back to me , and I 'd talk about new and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which I had a picture like this , which I was trying to explain that to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince them to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everyone <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here on my computer . ''
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing -- that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you might be going to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away north .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras ' government would need help from countries associated with partnerships , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them figure out and make the charter rules , so they could all trust that the charter can actually be done .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
I could easily contain a thousand square miles .
And shortly afterwards , on January 19 , voted in Congress to restore their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special development regions .
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis , voting in Congress in Congress in Congress to be <unk> one .
All of the factions , all the factions in society , the little fun .
<unk> in the constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
The 17th of February was passed over again in the other voting , from playgrounds to one .
After the voting after the voting , from 21 to December 24 , a delegation of about 30 p.m. was to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city center in the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the center of Boston .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after it spent four years getting permits to be permits .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this in practical ways , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and they would be able to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the ultimate Supreme Court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are a lot of companies that want to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people that would like to go live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately another place .
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to go and get a job , sometimes they 're unwed mothers who have to win money for just to eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about construction of a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What seems to you to think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what there is in , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that 's , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my blog and colorful and different suits for each occasion .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is second hand market markets and second-hand stores .
Ah , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I 'm going to meet people out there , usually my money is going to be a good cause , and my point is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal pursuit of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is my size ?
I 'll like color ?
cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Coming back to the theme of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does someone get all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you 're here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know you like the woman who walks for TED , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to see it .
You almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All of the set , including the jacket , including the jacket , it took me up 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 'll also tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you take inside .
Sometimes people tell me that they seem to play the <unk> , or I remember them to be a little seven years .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you look well with something , it 's almost safe you are .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We have to be able to do everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : the golden <unk> are going with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tested it over and over again when people were approaching this week , just because of what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything away .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to be emotionally emotionally emotionally , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful , brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart , and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you define your brain on this scale ?
Now , some of them <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think that for most people in this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic for <unk> these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put it to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A lot of intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar .
He was a little kid , and I did n't do it very well , always .
But I bet you 're going to play with that parking bar , he taught a precious lesson , and that 's that big things wo n't allow the <unk> to be able to stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you will be a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play a lot of parking lot , play with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really strange things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was in physics , a few years ago , were needed of quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But not the needed to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody ever saw a particle .
But it did n't fit it well to my part .
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to expand it a little bit . It 's just in the middle .
And then we do a great approach to the small metal metal .
So what we see is a little bit of metal on it , with a trampoline form , and it stands up supported in a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way that I would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in the way that you find under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it 's going to be in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up , I 'll stop doing those things , because I do n't bother them , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that happens to the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
Let 's go through the lights , then we introduced a champagne , and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above zero zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measured their movements .
We found it moving in very strange ways .
Instead of sitting perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath in this form -- like a breath that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a little bit of thrust , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we do n't have to do it at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a little bit of <unk> , and do n't they at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain times when you line up .
In the rest of the time they are <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom , and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my part of the logic that talks about .
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body were getting into space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights and we looked at the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator is actually only quantum objects that are just so close to a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
That 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are . And that 's the deep rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I did another job on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who 's here , and allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure , with a very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did .
I think my own story is just explaining to this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a lot of education from a great education , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and art .
So , when I started traveling and go back to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we form a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Better than shows you the demo , and then you tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from your launch .
So simply , we 're going to go through it .
Look around all the museums you have .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Gogh Van Gogh .
I actually go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane , and with one click , we jumped into it .
They 're inside , that you want to go at the end of the hall .
Go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' from Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the signal + .
If the museum shows you the image , you click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you actually get with 10,000 million pixels .
You can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to dive into it .
So I started to play , and I found something going on there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I found that children were actually going to play something .
And I did a little bit of a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on Tuesday year .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even more deep , and you 'll see it really can be even at the cracks .
Now just to give you a little perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , and you 'll really see what 's there .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best one is coming , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump over again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find detail .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It 's increasing and really .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things more here , but I have no time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , no matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives it the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create their own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go into it , I 've created this function that I call `` The zooming of zooming , '' -- we 've just zooming in zoom around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors . '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , you send your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think that for me , the main thing is that all the incredible things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even do n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium to make justice to its artwork and it 's represented properly online .
And the big question that they do today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going into a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thanks .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everyone .
I have something to show you .
You think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'll tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian , all the children in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall 's wall , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that it 's happened very interesting in racing 1 in the last two decades .
So , for some time , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I would take a budget and put it on a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you win the race .
This is what , in engineering , we 've been able to make control over time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
So what 's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting into the outdoors .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and be detected and get it out .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and they are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Resilience <unk> for weekends at MoMA , over the summer .
It 's called `` Uncle Phone . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms , they would come back sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment .
It 's almost like the old angel <unk> <unk> .
You know , when Michelangelo was carved off the Moses , he says that in the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it on the Moses -- -- in fact , you can still see a little dent in <unk> , and he said yelling , `` Did you know ?
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts talking to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a couple of examples -- insisting on the idea of engaging the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project that I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , hopefully 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of the remember , they play in Italy and France , and at the end of <unk> he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , finally won Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened that day by looking at the activity of it .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning before play .
The timeline is at the top .
On the early afternoon , there are people over here and doing calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> in Italy .
<unk> ; people make a call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She makes Italy , yeah .
That night all went to celebrate the center .
You see the big peak .
The next day , everybody went into the middle of the winner of the winner and the prime minister then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city rate in a way that we could n't possibly do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but what we use and use .
Today , we know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they assemble .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed a little bit of small tags to track the garbage on their shift .
We started with volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently recently than a year ago , to tagging what they were throwing , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway .
And then we put a little chip , a tag , to the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
So from Seattle ...
So after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same for much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There are complicated things happening and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we drop not away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we drop one day is still there .
If we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we 've talked about at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that they have a trunk and valves , valves valves , <unk> and closed .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If the missing pixels can be written on them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain would open up so we can pass , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor of <unk> .
It liked it a lot .
And we had a commission to design the building to the entrance to the pedestrian entrance .
We call it a Digital Water <unk> .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no doors , no windows , but when you 're approaching it , it opens up so you can go .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you lower the ceiling .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , as in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody , in the winter , when you go down the ceiling , someone who was there , and said , `` Let 's bring the building . ''
No , it 's not that you 've banned it , but when it comes down almost all the architecture away .
Here it is working .
It looks at people who are going through it .
And here I 'm myself trying to do not get wet to the test of the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened at night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
And all the children of <unk> came to the building , because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open you to leave you , but a building that kept making cuts and water holes , and you had to jump out to do n't get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting , because as architects , engineers , designers , always think about what people will give up our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and every single one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that 's moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , as we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible display like this with normal settings in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that screen appears on different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixel cloud in 3D that you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down down to form a V , as before .
When light lights , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the star of New York City and La Scala <unk> to capture his movements in 3D and use them as input for <unk> .
So here we can see how to dance dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels , it captures it in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can make all the movement .
You can go through all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as an entrance to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine over again , that we could get people involved in order to do something , and they change our environment , as a <unk> farm as a <unk> farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine you could make it all a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spend the physical world in the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time and the Obama campaign , we can go through the digital world , the power of networks , the power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would be something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to address the challenges today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people engaged in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particles cloud .
And those particles are water , while in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered with pixels .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new summit of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital scanner at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a couple of changes in your genes , they could improve memory -- because more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you might like to be in better ways , being stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure yourself ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else do you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few of a few . That 's probably the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many of you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little bit less .
How about longevity ?
Ah , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If they could have some of this the world that would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or might it be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the topic .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> , who also <unk> in the Church <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay `` Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of Evolution . ''
But if they actually embrace biological evolution consider this : it 's just the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well in one end , is , of course , the most interest .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the period there 's been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of you have gone and come back .
We 've been here about 130 years old .
It might seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Can you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , it 's chemically indistinguishable , that 's coming out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- do we realize that we all take in the most bacteria , the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , when Antonio Damasio 's asked about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very tiring .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you might want to do without effort on their part .
It 's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush to the exit .
But for the other , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest the essential nutrients , and protect us from certain diseases .
But what is the future left ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is just like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one single and only <unk> , and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they enjoyed .
When I just went out to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell just divide , and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitting to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms are starting to change .
It 's on the scene in sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment , but with every year that was happening , every time I had more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still performing in Vegas well in her 90 years in his 90 years .
And one night , someone hits their hotel door .
He opens up the door .
In front of him , you find a little slight dancer of clothes .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I 'm looking for a soap soup .
`` Okay , '' says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to make us healthy .
I wanted to get health care in the disease .
I wanted to live longer and more healthy .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation , adapting and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets , designed to send the genetic load into the next orbital level and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that put Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do not die . ''
Evolution does not necessarily allow longevity .
It does not necessarily let the bigger or the louder or the faster and even more intelligent .
Evolution encourages the best tuned creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive on the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dried fish , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if you go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward to the next phase , the next phase ?
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying thinking would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would be <unk> and removed from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment so that it could fit us as well as we adapt to us .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we get them so much so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happens .
A second possibility is that we produce an evolution of the traditional , natural kind , dictated by forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in isolation , when we 're species , you 're going distant planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and elected for us as individuals that we 'll make .
Now how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First of all , consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what 's chooses to individual and family level .
Think about it as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in your own body , you make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases .
And if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce cancer 's risk or remove the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes on their genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and she was 13 .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year there , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the 3,000 billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost of cost at a week .
Not a lot of a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 dollars , and it 's going to be more than all of us .
These changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect them themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's not an experimental trial in course with the grown flu cells in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's actually today and in the future it 's going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine just two small changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want more healthy children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes for preventing diseases is going to allow us to also have <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't we have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you were able to hang on with the next generation of the machine ?
Why do n't you have a squeezing muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and more distance ?
Why do n't you live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions of approaching this next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before we do it .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100 thousand years , and we can compress it up to 1,000 years , and maybe it happens within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have before them .
Are we going to use these options in a better , more successful , more successful society ?
Or are we going to choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more boring or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most profound of all : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Okay , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about on flight assistants .
So he immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot 's driving plane with the Hudson River .
That 's not the route .
<unk> the engines .
Imagine being in an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've ever heard about .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people that I wanted to get , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to do and never had .
While I thought about that later , I was a sentence , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to hear anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really has changed my life .
The second thing that I 've learned that day -- and this is as I put up the George Washington Bridge , which was not for a lot of -- I thought about , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes I 've tried to improve all of what I did .
But in my humanity , I also gave my ego .
And I 'm sorry for the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people I know .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends .
And then , like <unk> on that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
Within two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; it 's going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> water .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And meanwhile , I had the feeling of it , wow , die not fear .
It 's almost as we 've been able to make it all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is going into a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children grow up .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not much too much artistic talent -- still . And I scream , I know , I know , like a little bit .
And for me , that was all the reason to be the world .
So , at that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
He gave me a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave up another gift , which was the chance to look at the future and come back and live differently .
You 're flying today , the challenge to you to imagine that the same happens to you in your plane -- and please not be like this -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the greatest thing that I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important ones in the 1980s .
One day he came home after he went back and said , `` Dad , I 'm wearing an tingling on the legs . ''
And that was the beginnings of ALS .
Today <unk> has a total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His job changed me .
I have a design design and animation that , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to fund it to Tony , <unk> , and the cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are they going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk about Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me .
And I said , `` A second , is n't it that you saw Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important and you have a good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well how do they communicate then ? ''
Anybody watching the film `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're going to make it <unk> .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only wish of delivering a check , and instead I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover .
I 'd commit her brother and his father there at that moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk about , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to get back to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who is so much about it I ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to allow them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw on that and record negative space .
So they go around making art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a cycle of life .
First people start with sex organs , then with bad words , after the attacks on Bush and finally , people start making art .
But there was always a cycle of life on their presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of organization and so much moving things on one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could be able to communicate , a machine as Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And , seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> because I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all the world 's <unk> from every single corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the children and I , we moved to the garage and these hackers and programmers and <unk> , and they took the control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something totally stupid , and that when they would have removed the walls of the walls and in their location would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went through the sea walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog was also part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
It 's a pair of cheap sunshine sunglasses that we bought in the sea walk in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> chamber , we open it up , we set up on a LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it builds oneself ; we published the code that we published the software <unk> .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no company that says `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture , because this is the room of another person , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> , and they 'd come up with the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , music sessions all night , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system , and it 's looking at the support system .
He ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall from the outside of the hospital .
And he went back to drawing her family and friends and you can imagine what was the feeling of the parking lot .
The funny thing was , we had to take on the parking lot , so we feel like we were eating graffiti too .
In the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what said to us , `` This was the first time I was done in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater , and somebody would finally come to <unk> and pulled me out there so I could breathe .
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our cry .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> display .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong I tweeted about us , and then , in December , Time magazine were recognized as one of the 50 best inventions , and was really cool .
The best of all this -- and this is what 's finished to close the <unk> is that in April this year in the middle of the MOCA in downtown Los Angeles , there will be an exhibit called `` Art . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> in <unk> art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty cool .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
Nothing that 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the microphone , the <unk> of anything was possible at a certain time .
Make it possible -- anything about this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never done anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something to me , and I 'm going to be wondering with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you to all do every day when we find something that we feel like you need to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations that are usually very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine .
It was in areas of war , difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been thinking about it in awful situations with awful situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that they 're just attractive , interesting , and hopefully , analyze them in a way that you can see cool and accessible to the audience .
So , when I knew that would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and sponsorship , I wanted to do something a little different .
So , some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I got an ad in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some Twitter on Twitter , offered the name of the name of 2011 .
What had been the following : `` You know , I 'd be able to <unk> : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and depending on content you might be treated in the face , especially if I put it in ridicule or your company .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that self , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If they had asked him a year ago , I could n't have been able to tell them to tell you .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , advertising .
And as I said before , I 've stood in awful situations in the last few years , but none of me could make it out , I could do it , for something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to do a film that 's going to try to use the product of products , marketing and advertising , and all the film is funded by <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that all over the bottom , in principle finally , has brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that comes out before the title , the X mark .
So now this brand , I <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were taken off by filmed by filmed .
And so the film is exploring all of this idea .
I 'm one sight . ( MK : I 'm just telling you . It was more by emphasis .
It was `` A ha '' forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the record sponsor , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the greatest shoe that you used to use ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The largest film ever sold , '' the best <unk> that you were drunk , <unk> than `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then on addition to show the marks as part of life , making them get the filmed ? ( MS : Doing the film .
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 'll see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to be able to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive is going to be people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but how is it going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . David <unk> : How much money does we have to do this ?
MS : A million and a half million .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the film comes out , let 's see it as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell , by the film or for me ?
JK : Two things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what marks .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge .
MK : We 've got some places where we go . ( MS : Good .
MS : I thought , `` Turn off the chamber '' meant we have a conversation outside the mic .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to present the product to so many people as possible , to make so much people would see it as possible .
So especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and the middle , and the landscape of separated media , is n't the idea to tell with that new vehicle worth of attention that 's going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a mistake , and that mistake was this .
Actually , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for images from Google ' Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen , easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or information of information , mostly in business practices -- being the last line , perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named named , the president says even the CEOs name it .
But all of a sudden , when it comes to this reality , something really changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency , fear -- like that rare bear that 's still going on .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
He had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to businesses and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell a story . ''
We want you to tell a story , but tell us to tell the story . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he 's he staring at him as I used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , one agency and wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> , I realized that I would have to go through my own , I would have to remove the proxy and go to business .
So what I started to show is that I started to figure out is that when you start to talk to me , is that when you start talking to them , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giants and others make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giants , they say that the reason their movies are so successful because they have to the demanding marks they have .
And then my friends who do independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically on the film ?
Every time I 'm coming out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time for an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you get to you .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And that 's what I would offer one of these wonderful aromas .
So much `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise of Paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in a pole , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Even Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of small movies that we have ever made , and we are more well a <unk> .
So we do n't have the budget that have other marks .
So do things like that , you know , remind people to people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words use to describe to you ?
He 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put on the <unk> .
Man : We 're talking about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus <unk> combat and sweat .
You get cool .
How do we keep you cool longer ? With the best , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common type ?
I need to talk to the guy on the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk , unless it comes from laundry .
MS : Okay , what is the brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : unique . ) ( MS :
I like the dark colors , many gray things and things like that .
Usually I 've got accessories as the sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand could be a classical <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call it a fluke .
Woman 2 : In a hippie , partly <unk> , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I suppose that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because they deliver your stock .
Man 5 : The <unk> <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be brand Tom , but I often get down at the intersection of the dark , `` <unk> '' intersection .
I realized that I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what 's called the personality personality .
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped them to companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality .
If they were able to do that for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yes . The first picture is a family picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case they come together and start in my family in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : That 's what I want to be .
I like different things .
I like strange things . I like the strange things .
A : Tell me about why .
What 's the machete ? So what <unk> is you ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more than you , who is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : Whoa ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Big job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness all over this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , the <unk> Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 'd come very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some of these businesses are only supported by one of their strong strengths or in the other rather than to focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's the natural nature to avoid the things that are not safe , and they 're trying to fear fear , those elements , and you actually do it , and you make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other marks are like that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can see here at the Target here , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious marks , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to get your identity identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you a top-down attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are like being playful to be cool like the smile , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous , bold , bold , profane , extreme , magic , magic , magic , magic , magical as <unk> .
Or are you more good for top-down attribute ?
Are you aware , sophisticated like <unk> ?
You are established , traditional , provider , protective ? Do you stand up with Oprah ?
You are reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , sacred , wiser , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and bottom-up and descending , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
It allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this film how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing .
We went to San Paulo where the publicity have been banned .
In the entire city for the past five years there are no posters , there are no posters , nothing .
And we went to school districts that businesses are getting forward in schools with liquidity services in America .
The incredible thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest response , or that I 've ever had the most success , those ones I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these marks made .
They went down to the <unk> , took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly to the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to challenge people , that will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has it gone ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the film , he was coming out in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers just a two-year period and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is not going to be crushed .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already started to win momentum .
And it 's not wrong with almost all the agencies that we 're talking about to their clients not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , you 're pushing them into failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk aversion is preparing their entire company for the reward .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is we need to encourage people to take the chances .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , I think we need to give up , I think we need to give up to fear .
We 've got to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . It 's the risk .
From one <unk> , we need to embrace the risk .
And finally , we need to support transparency .
Now more than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty , and transparency , all of my talk , `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends in <unk> who have been sold for dollars in <unk> .
<unk> : Great data data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> shows the Transparency Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on behalf of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : That 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for a $ na be applied to my TED assistance for TED next year .
The idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Her largest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time .
If we were able to engage these systems that control rates and valves , we can have a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we could put an effective cash virus on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with an Windows <unk> .
<unk> enter the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discover this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet about six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that we knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That got us attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and see what was going on with this .
So they 've got very strange things .
Stuxnet looked like a laboratory rat that they did n't like our cheese : I wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
I had no sense for me .
And after experiencing different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a run attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
<unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific setup , and even if the program is trying to infect it is effectively working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that 's my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than the goal soon .
So , pulled out , and we had the code of attack , and we found out that there was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the inner information .
Let 's put all the points for them to attack .
You probably know what the operator looks like .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that if you 've heard that you want to hear about Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you the load is so complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code of attack .
We 're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much like an interpreter language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and tried to <unk> with the real world , with potential targets in the world .
We need theories on recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white target , and it 's located in Iran , because that 's where most infections have been <unk> .
They do n't find several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant , and the <unk> <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's take a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants . ''
I called them , and I asked them in an effort by putting their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with control of rotor .
rotor is that mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can be able to be able to get a centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in a obvious effort to go back to the nest engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
So we 're trying to figure out the big digital proposition to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and I found that they are structured at what 's called a waterfall , and each cascade contains <unk> <unk> .
That makes sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work .
That 's normally <unk> dead ends , and we had to start .
Yet , we found out that both digital warheads were going to be used to one and same goal , but from different angles .
<unk> <unk> is taking a waterfall , and you turn the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should not worry about other targets are <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
So what this thing does is we intercept the entry values of sensors for example , from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , these false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during the robbery , the security chamber is <unk> video .
It 's cool eh ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> in the fourth of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big turbine turbine , you have to open heart valves , you have to open <unk> valves .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can spend bad things .
The plant can explode .
And it 's not the <unk> or the security system .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
Nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium .
It could also work for example , in a power plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , like attacker , which disseminate this load with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms for <unk> .
It 's going to be more possible .
And if you made that , with what we 've done with is a massive destruction of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers .
We have to face the outcomes , and better than we start preparing now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , there 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because in the other way , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thanks for <unk> . Thanks , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and you give <unk> skills , or another one that makes users ' lawn users raise and go back .
We call these robots , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than you put in the morning , gives you a great force , which is also given its speed , and helps it , for example , to manage balance .
It 's actually true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate and connecting it to the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
To show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on his back a $ <unk> load , and they 're encouraged to get even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injury on the back , in 30 percent of soldiers -- with <unk> damage .
So we decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help address the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Universal Human Human F .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos through variables through variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to put ready and execute movements with great agility .
<unk> what I want to do , or where I want to go up , and then my force goes up and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back now to the wheelchair users , on what I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 billion people about , in the wheelchairs , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the column that when they start their life -- 20 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that age you grow rapidly .
His only option , many times -- because of a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been so over the past 500 years , from his successful , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> that he 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal column , and as a result , he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , who mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches to send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give you the engines to the motors , and on the knees , and they make it forward with this soft and very natural , natural position .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , because of a strange leap in the air , ski costs down below it .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and everything from the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So he stole me up to the last piece of hope of me being .
The technology of adaptation since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> it costs down to <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding in a hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers , but Amanda , and all the lawn chairs , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton out , they practice sex to say hi , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the jungles of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimps are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo Bonobo is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> rainforest , and it 's been very hard to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger to the survival of Bonobo .
The meat of hunting meat and deforestation make you ca n't fill up or a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- honestly , we 're not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden from the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know the apes like `` Make love , not the war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , they love to play all their life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish ties and grow tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity diversity , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game Bonobo , you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and ritual ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> ball game ; I 'm not talking about soccer .
Here we have a female and a young young male in the middle of a chase .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the sentence , `` He 's got <unk> from the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is common both in bonobos as humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But play is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of which are most <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the amazement is taken away .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with the water peacefully .
I think , like , we sometimes play alone , and we explored the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , and then the unexpected connections we form are the real warm of creativity .
These are just small samples of the realization that the Bonobo gave us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future that we need to adapt to a world more and more difficult with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But would we get to the most of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans equally , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems at least to play , you can be the moments that the most urgent thing .
So , fellow primates , we need to embrace this gift of evolution and play together as well as creative creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit , called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fire as a captain in a firemen 's body .
And , in our city , where volunteers are paying a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But yet there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , it was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the middle of the night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajama , barefoot , while his house was on flames .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I , <unk> <unk> <unk> first got to the captain , and he asked him to go and saved the dog 's dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or making it out of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell people that I entered a burning building to save a live living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to have the house .
I need to go up , <unk> fire , and I bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went on -- I put up the stairs , at the end of the hall , country to the firemen , and they had finished off the fire , and I went into the fourth room for a couple of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load around the ladder where I met my <unk> and the precious dog on the front door .
We got rid of the house the treasures for the house owner where , as you would expect , his treasure received a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from the house owner by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she watched for about what else was that somebody had reached even a couple of shoes .
So much in my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a voluntary firefighter I 'm witness with acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of acts of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room in people who have achieved , or to achieve , remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So you go into play ; you get the shoes out .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big picture of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were made in granted , with a very simple idea : modules from a fixed measurement that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit in the world .
They 've allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
So essentially , these blocks have become the cornerstones of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , the LEGO came up with this .
It was called machine assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO blocks arrived at all homes .
It 's estimated that they 've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO did it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell Labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a <unk> building world piled upon each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
Let me show you how it works .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they come together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
<unk> have a color code .
The green is the way , the blue is the stream , the rose is the entrance and the orange is the wire .
So you only have to put together a blue one , and you can very quickly start to do bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , that 's here , and now we have a <unk> light .
So let 's take this doorbell to create more impact and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and colder , <unk> allows us to program using very simple speed .
To make it grow faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your heart rate faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to put together these blocks ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything has to be accessible .
We 've given the children to see them play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light bulb works , or why the door of an lift holds open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We also have led to the design schools .
So , for example , designers without any electronic experience begin to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have to try and create ...
( metallic noise ) A couple of weeks ago , we took a couple of weeks to the design School designers of Rhode Island , who do n't have any engineering experience , just in cardboard and paper and said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> canyon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust that 's made of clay that 's afraid of darkness .
For these engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be everywhere .
So <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , to download all the files of design and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today , I 'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries today .
I work in the solar industry industry .
And my little company is looking for the environment to focus on the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of charge .
We can -- we can still continue better leave the video .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm talking about time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that you 're supposed to do , and we asked them to work on government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like some of the peacekeepers for geeks .
We 've got some members every year , and we put them working with municipalities .
Instead of giving them the Third World we send them into wildlife world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the city workers .
His task is to show the possibilities of technology today .
You meet .
It 's a fire hydrant back in Boston .
So here comes up as if I could find a quote , but what it really looks for is that someone 's going to clean up when it 's trapped in the snow because it knows it 's not really good to fire fire when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to help this very unique way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time , it 's a lot of last year .
They realized that the city was never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the limbs called Erik <unk> noticed something more : that the citizens were dealing with syringes right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an application .
It 's a nice application that you can take on a fire fire .
You decide to clean up when you go through it .
When you do it , you put a name , in this case , put it into this case .
If you do n't , somebody can do it .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology technology does .
And it extends viral shape .
A systems of systems in the city 's city by watching this application realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but for citizens to have <unk> tsunami .
It 's very important that they work on the tsunami , but people were stealing batteries .
So he asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to be able to get the citizens to be released .
And Chicago just stopped throwing it up to make people stay in order to clean sidewalks when they come out .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been widespread without friction , organic and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't happen normally .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two months and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they said to us that I 've done it by normal canals would have taken at least two and aside about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that until the moment there 's side 2,000 million dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that you program in a couple of days and it is spreading online , is a kind of warning to the institution of the institution of government .
It suggests the best government to work , not as in private companies , as a lot of people think it should be .
Neither as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , no restrictions , in the way and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have not given up the government .
They feel a lot of frustration before that , but they do n't complain .
And these people know something that we 've lost .
And that 's that if you stop the feelings of politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all those other things that are put crazy , the government is , essentially , in Tim 's words , `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have left the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember that from `` We , the village ? The way to think about it will affect the way that change is .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , mainly about <unk> .
This is the center of mobile care and information center .
It 's the place that tells you the phone calls if you mark audiences in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the base of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Listen , you can open the gates of the house , put music right , and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So well by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't make that application .
It was the work of very intelligent people from the Office of New York City .
One day , this really happened , is this request : `` <unk> in my bucket of garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do it for you ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to person .
In <unk> , it 's all public , so you all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , I found the cube of garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . Live ? Yes .
He turned the cube . I went home .
Good nights , sweet school . ''
Pretty simple .
This is cool . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to collaboration distributed .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean by the technology definition of technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another but the government had a key role .
connected to two people .
And it could have connected to government services to be necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
So when a neighbor helps another , we would increase communities .
If we call the animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same thing that politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think that you think one is the entrance to the other .
That our entrance to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend so much energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and affect our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches .
It 's below what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that holds that out that we actually believe that we actually funded as something that operates on our against , that other thing , and a consequence are losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy that 's sensual .
Because that 's where the real job occurs .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That 's the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report of 70 pages in response to the order of <unk> , on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been exposed to the government , it 's time that asking us what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to deal with .
Do you really think that we will get to get out where we need to go without fix the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't do with government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to root itself , the function of government , so that it can expand strengthening of civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act <unk> , only has to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , and then , `` I am a generation greater than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face on who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when they deal with the government problem , they do n't care so much to hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They put hands on the work to program applications that make better work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking away weeds , dumping a garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we were always able to cleaned up those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we are not only consumers , not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until it does n't affect citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it 's about the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a crowd of voices ?
Thank you .
This is for me a true honor .
I 've spent most of the time in prisons , prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of desperation .
And I 'm here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things that I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would not otherwise be otherwise .
I say this because I think identity is important to be important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach themselves with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , whether it 's <unk> , it can do much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in the whole discussion in the family .
She initiated a lot of <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia over democracies .
She was born on the 1880s and his experience with slavery , including the way the world looked at .
She was hard , but it was also <unk> .
When I was small , and I looked at it , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I dropped away .
One or two hours later , I went back to her , and I was approaching , and I was telling me , `` Do you get my hug ? ''
And if he said , `` No , I get back , and if he said yes , I was left in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to want to be near it .
The only problem is , I had 10 children .
My mother was the youngest of the 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with it , it was n't easy to get his time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went into the room and there were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
And I thought I was a game .
So he looked at it and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she stood up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
He took me out and said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's not do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Oh yeah , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to be <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , like this . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to tell me is that you 're always going to do the right thing , but the right thing is to be hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it .
Then finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that you never have alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , like this . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural , and I have a brother a year older and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a little package of six beers , I do n't know where he took her , grabbed my sister and I caught up for the forest .
We 're just doing the crazy .
He took a sip of beer , he gave my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . Okay . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . We 'll always do it . And you always do the same thing as you .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I went back to the force , and he went on , `` Ah , it 's not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Listen to all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I broke away .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this is worth widely spread .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be an virtue ; I say it for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't see them .
We ca n't get them to do things that you do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we should engage them .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different than 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in freedom of parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor , poor , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three blacks between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In the urban <unk> throughout the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Washington , 60 to 60 percent of all young people in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's much better about if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it looks like we feel very assured .
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems our own .
We 're out there .
I find interesting .
We 're looking at our work in some very curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , such as in other states , you get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote .
And if we 're projecting it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of loss will be as high as it was before we pass the law of the law to vote .
We have this awesome silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where a 13-year-old children sentence in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , no chance to go out .
We 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty issue is interesting .
In some sense , you 've been wondering about thinking that the final question is , people deserve to die for the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about other ways about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not to decide whether people deserve to die by crimes crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
Death penalty in America is defined by error .
For every nine billion people , it has identified one that 's innocent that it 's <unk> and liberated from death row .
A error , amazing , an innocent for every nine .
This is interesting .
It 's not allowed to be allowed to be able to fly airplanes if every nine that took off , one would have been crashing .
But somehow we removed the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our load .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted to World War II .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a defined bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid of being <unk> .
They worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what their lives defined .
Now there are people older than you come up with me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , you teach talks . It 's going to talk about people who stop saying that in our history for the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say it grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism was continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial subordination and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamics because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our history .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we 've ever done .
All of the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to work on races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage you with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conferences .
And it was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know , you know what it 's really disturbing to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
We might never be able to get it here . ''
The room was stuck in silence , and a lady said , `` No way that with our history , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we put them to run people .
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would we replace people , especially if they were in most Jews ?
We could not tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you actually do n't care about these hard issues , the positive and wonderful things are , though , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated with technology . We need creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of them .
And lately we talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , who will never come to TED .
Think about them , in a way , something that 's inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though it 's so rational , engaged with the intellectual .
<unk> , with creativity . development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come out of suffice ideas as well by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just brilliant and stunning , but also in the dark and the hard .
Use <unk> , the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe , oppression , we looked at all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a will for being in hopelessness places and being witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , must be engaged .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , that allowed us to truly be humans if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we are ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were getting together just to speak .
Occasionally , the lady who was telling me to say to me , `` <unk> , comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to get up to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I want . ''
So , she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered .
So I was going , and I just heard them .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give it my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to challenge injustice .
We try to help those who have been condemned unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up the sentences of life , no freedom to parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in the prisons .
We try to end up the massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and he just looked at me and said , `` Oh , `` Oh , `` Oh , `` Oh , oh yeah , hmm hmm hmm . ''
And he said , `` Let 's exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> , leaned up on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for everyone on the planet .
I 'm confident that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a deceptive .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something you do n't belong , it 's not that it 's a thief .
Even if somebody kills each other , not it 's a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law .
I also think in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very exhilarating , do n't judge us for our technology , by our design , or intellectual capacity or rational capacity .
In the end , the character of a society , not by the way we treat rich , powerful and privileged , but by how poor people treat the poor , condemned them , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand really deep themes about what we are .
Sometimes I 'm broken . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my own new ideas .
I 've been representing these guys that have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for us as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what 's not ?
The judge 's <unk> as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you have to have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something about that .
Like it was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old customer , a small , poor black .
I started to work on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> so that my 14 black customer was treated as a native privileged , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I found that there had been a reductionist behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country , there are no ethical , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or really I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had the <unk> , but he had been sent to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got in the car and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the courthouse .
I thought this would be very hard and pitiful .
Finally I got away from the car . I went to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a higher black man ; it was a courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is you lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I went on to zoom in and leave it .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said to me , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was connected to my inside , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences of audiences .
When I get in , the judge saw me .
And he said to me , `` Mr. Stevenson , you write this audacity to <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , sir , I went . '' And we started discussing .
People started to get . They were all mad .
I was the ones that had written those crazy .
The cops got the cops ready , auxiliary , auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . All furious , because we were talking about races , because we 're talking about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the eye of the eye , I actually got to see that he was going and came .
I would look out the window , and they 'll hear all that <unk> .
That was walking around here , walking over here .
Finally , this old black one , with a face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge pays a break .
During the <unk> of the <unk> , he showed him upset because he had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went back to this audience from audiences to tell this young girl who holds his eye on <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
We ca n't truly be human humans , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is attached to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind from brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of all , those of us who share this , and I just want to tell you that they 're going to be able to keep your view in the target with <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard , and see a apparent wish of the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring where you 'll be able to make a effort for the funds that are spending today in punishment .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death death penalty over the next five years . billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide in murder .
56 percent of the rapes do n't come at all .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that they 'd been able to get these funds to get the law to the security .
I think there 's a very close chance .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , over the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it says it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say that it 's like that ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate of crime has remained relatively stable .
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war war .
That 's why it arises in the prison population .
And we let us convince us about punishment .
We 've got three legal causes to bring people to life to make people perpetual ; by stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , instead of making these resources into their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for you coming to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats for Bin Laden death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer : The police squirt gas .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : <unk> , social <unk> : 65 dead : 65 dead .
<unk> eight : <unk> of tsunami , nine : <unk> .
A number <unk> : War War . It 's massive destruction .
Recession . <unk> . End it . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death .
Oh my God .
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months .
The idea is that the media media would prefer negative news , because our minds pay attention .
And that responds to a good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting much more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more than to survive , the first stop of all that data is an ancient clip of the temporal lobe called amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and record all the information for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So that 's why it 's a story of stories that we would look at the negative .
That old adage from the press : `` If there are blood , it 's really true .
And because all of the digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , 24 hours a day , is no wonder .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world 's wrong to worse .
But maybe not that .
Maybe , instead , what happens is we get <unk> .
Maybe the massive progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerated so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , endangered species , water extinction , and we undoubtedly have them .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems and , in the long , we 've done with them .
Let 's take the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , income per capita for inflation has tripled around the world .
Child mortality has been down 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles Kenny that the world literacy was 25 percent over 80 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living in an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , most of the people who live under the line of poverty , have electricity , water , bathrooms , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
<unk> <unk> from the last century , the <unk> on the planet , would never be dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot of this is technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
So my good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we put into technology technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price for about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law over the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in recession , depression .
It 's a quick computers used to make computers faster .
It 's not stopping for none of the big challenges .
And even though it 's stuck in a law on the left , it 's going up going up .
The growth rate of technology is in itself faster and faster .
And on this curve , the Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccines and food .
I mean how many you saw victory on `` Jeopardy 's `` Jeopardy '' ?
It was epic .
I looked out in the newspapers the best headline would have .
And I loved this : `` Watson would kill us . ''
`` Jeopardy 's not an easy game . ''
He does with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We taught these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
30 years ago , that would be <unk> .
Today , we can point out a lot of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of how possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon Three in the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Darwin 's troops ate with covered on silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it 's worth than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
Now , you see , although aluminum is 80 percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come from the dark metal .
It 's tied up with oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made aluminum something so cheap that we use it as cheap .
You 've got this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a raging planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come up on Earth 16 <unk> energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated generated by diesel : earthquake earthquake versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager ship on Earth , in 1990 , then country Saturn ?
I put a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in a 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought it by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there is a hope .
It 's an available technology not for 10 years , but right now .
It comes out , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- his technology called <unk> <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to make a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source , saltwater , contaminated water for less than two cents a gallon .
President of Coca-Cola has just thought to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence that it 's going to be , Coca-Cola is going to implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior <unk> has better mobile communications in Kenya than the president is 25 years ago .
And with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries , books and music , <unk> technology now , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best of it comes up when there 's the applications in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has AI , you can extract blood from your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certificate medical equipment .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent and 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device would take a RNA virus or DNA that 's not going to be able to call the health of health and , first of all , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the highest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion increase .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just been able to pass it from seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to drive to the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll spend two billion users on the Internet .
Three billion minds never before heard of the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What should happen ? What would you want to have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And most of the more health care because of <unk> , a better education with the Khan Academy education , and because of the use of 3D prints and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive ?
How about voices never before heard ?
How about if we give them the oppressed , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
So what would these three billion ?
And if they are contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can make extraordinary things -- things that were just able to make the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and functionality .
It 's really important in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played with this college teachers , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people went together and started to play it .
And it 's been shown that the machinery of human patterns recognition is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today , we have more power today as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the <unk> passion of <unk> .
We have the capital capital .
And we have three billion minds that we have to work on to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we need to do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he met finches , but it was n't .
You actually pick fish .
And I described one of them as common .
It was grouper .
He was caught so much until the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> are still saying that they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could do it .
I burned so much with the sun , and I was confident that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from the mangroves .
I had <unk> about 20 inches , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant and spent for a good moment , so it took more than the average in Ghana .
When I went out there 27 years later , the amount of fish had decreased in half .
<unk> about five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to change , but it 's all changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of top-down fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
fishing development was imposing in imposing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fisheries .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called the <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in him , and we did studies in the south of the South China Sea and , especially in the Java Sea .
What we found out there was something called <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges and other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are all tiny , tiny , tiny spots on some remains , remains of coral fish .
In short , the sea floor came on the deck , and then he was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you make a study , and then it starts commercial fishing .
The background happens to be a soft coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat it . They had them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
He was still not anymore .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect the fishermen every time they go to an area that they 've never got fish .
But it 's not documenting .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
Let 's get the point to start , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this something happens .
On the axis we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . Changes because people make things naturally .
Each generation to use the images , I was welcomed in the beginning of their conscious life as normal , and I extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the pattern of change .
And in the end of the end , they keep miserable remains .
And that , very much , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer anymore , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before we extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose abundant animals .
You lose animals unusual animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become rare because you take them away .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , who were very different .
And they 'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way that they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some present , as a captain , as a captain , and just looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually not use scientists from fishing , because it 's not a scientist .
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the fonts in the past .
From there a huge role that can be able to fulfill a protected marine zone .
Because with the marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
So let 's take the past that people ca n't think about , because the point of starting has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what happens to people who ca n't do that because they do n't have access , like the people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation from Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about what people were in with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why they were doing with images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II . '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends manager , and I look at YouTube videos in professional form .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are made viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
There are over 48 hours of video YouTube video .
And from those , only one small percentage gets viral , he gets lots of views and wins cultural <unk> .
How do that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise factor .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God , my God .
Oh my God .
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside his house in the National Park in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen millions of times .
This chart shows the backs of the popularity of last summer in the summer .
He was not talking to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Island Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that we would take on the video to the popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> and interesting things , and put them into a broader audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want to get a week on Friday , the weekend , a week . <unk> , Friday . They 'd do n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of year .
They saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows how often I use .
Like , `` Push twice , '' this video seemed to have come out of nothingness .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also a Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it up and many blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends embrace a view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great joke and then start talking about that and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a spoof for each of the other days .
Unlike the 20th century of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` Open Street '' is a repetitive animation with a music chord .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three-year version that has seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that watched other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the <unk> community of the Internet .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did a version of the old one .
And then they made international .
All of a sudden , it came up with a whole remix community that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can form .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like that ?
Who could have predicted , `` Are you twice twice , or Black Rebecca or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What could script have been written to be written on ?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute , just that truly unique and unexpected that can be done in the way that these things have done .
So , when a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who would protest that a wonderful clip from a guy who 's protest in New York , I admit I was not interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I 'm going to get a ticket , but there are often obstacles that they get away by the <unk> of the <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise of surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> did that five million people would see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new approach that we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The creators , creative community communities , totally unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , a new culture , that we all have access , and it 's the audience that define popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , began on YouTube .
No permission to express their ideas .
Now , we 're all a little of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and it 's just the current media , but we will be able to bring the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a final story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by unique and freedom of his country .
So think of the time the communist come in <unk> , tackling the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , friends are making fun .
He would become silent .
He died crushed .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to be <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at sunrise , turning it into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been headed for a task alone : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after the four-year-olds of four years that defies fiction , a boat stood into the sea as a fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was hackers , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother had a little bit like a poison with poison .
If we were to catch , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow is going to dive into each wave , and the vast and vast horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of the men on our ship , or the engine dying and not be able to rip for six hours .
But I know I remember the lights on the oil rig in front of the Malaysia of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finished the journey too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a genocide class whose population is comprised of migrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I do n't know , in <unk> , no sense of the right .
The smells that were coming from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the English fragments were traded on between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a line of cars , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
And all the dollars were mapped , and you have a slightly extra mentoring in English and math , does n't matter what it was supposed to take away , which was usually new clothes ; it was always second-hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to hide holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because he had to last six years .
And there was rare <unk> and <unk> on the `` naked eyes '' and some graffiti : `` Asian , come home . ''
A house , where ?
Something is about me .
He was accumulating and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to be <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was every night , but we told us about our day and heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mom had nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to get it out .
She opened a computer store , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women came out with their stories about men who were not able to make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were trapped in between two worlds .
They got subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student with what I 'm seeing from myself .
In the other , it was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But most of us got help over the years .
And for that job , when I was a student , I was elected the young American young woman of the year .
And I went away from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but their edges did n't fit .
So he , anonymous resident in <unk> , was now that I read , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about places I 'd never heard of , and houses whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat away from the routines and the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> over the day of each bed , and he 's all still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when she had a ship .
The `` No '' never had been an option .
`` Get back , '' he said , `` You do n't be what you do n't . ''
So I talked about juvenile <unk> and education to the marginalized and the ones .
And the more frankly he talked about it , the more I was going to talk about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer 's race .
I had to have another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an unknown , one recently come , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but that 's something that 's grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean <unk> , it can easily mean to accept the tumors of your province .
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , that the world is broken , but not the way we fear it .
<unk> that they had not been <unk> , they were tremendously tremendously .
There was a power there , relentless optimistic , a rare and courage mixture .
So I followed my intuition .
You know , let 's put a small group of people for who `` ca n't be done '' was a irresistible challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I made a giant soup of soup that we all share .
<unk> it at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
After a trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved on , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 , 17 became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother hit her .
No support from his husband , caused an awakening to the <unk> , and he took the cause , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
He ca n't make it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sidney when she died , to 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I watched her stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to say it .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around his coffin .
We tell us stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` They have n't drunk them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Because that we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated .
The defeat would have easily taken away .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the ship .
Who could want that for itself ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , a brave diving up in each wave , the <unk> rates of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi <unk> Ali Center .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the age of the old Indian epic epic .
In those days , when Indians wanted to travel to a car , they would go through the sky .
Now we do it with airplane .
So at that time , when we went out , the big Indian warrior , he was thirsty , I would pull a bow and with a <unk> to the ground , got water .
We now do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced with magic .
And that 's an awful lot .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I put up this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't give it my friends .
I felt like technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
When I was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this technology piece of 50 years was for my most magic thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent <unk> .
It 's our inspiration .
That 's why I launched me , I threw this technological world to see how to create magic , rather than kill her .
<unk> books since age 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative of storytelling capable of connecting the readers in the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what is that for us ?
I 'm about throwing <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
He says , `` puts your toes on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... I spell my name .
And so I come back a character of the book .
In several times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- which is led to me .
My little bit excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean we wizards and dragons , but that magic of childhood , those ideas that we get from children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting me .
So over here , we have to change the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , they light up to your path on what the book looks like .
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was a whole galaxy in a little bit of <unk> .
So here , every book and every world is transformed into a little bit like I move into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all book books there have always been maps , but it was static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another important aspect for me is to create Indian and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard about the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts ?
These poor <unk> have been stuck in the Olympic cameras for millennia , in an old book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child .
In a story that 's dealing with today 's environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that kids have locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't come out to the outer world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , stones , saltwater and shells .
For some reason kids do n't .
So to recover this ritual of childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you put a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you 've got to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then paint .
So this way you create a digital digital collection that you can then put on the Web .
A picture of London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , today , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it 's created this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
Within the variations of the magic , the Earth and technology are many possibilities .
So in the next book , we asked to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a group of compliment paid on the inner plants .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you 've got to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go towards a world where the forces of nature is <unk> with technology and magic and technology come up with one another .
You 've got the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about why a lot of <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> to a conductor of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or you and asked patients , family and acquaintances : What happens ? ''
`` How can we help them ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that all , or perhaps not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my <unk> scale . It 's very simple .
It has a switch on and off .
Every morning I get on it .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I link to me , send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I need for assistance , or some urgency of that style , but watching it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have over 4,000 Twitter followers .
So every morning I link to my Wi-Fi scale and before I go up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also that patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From next week , being available .
This little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , get them into their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 bucks .
This is the point where patients take a position , they come back to control control and being captains on their own ship , but it can also help care of health because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of <unk> attention , <unk> and other themes .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to get patients involved in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I want to share it with you with a video .
We all have checks from navigation in cars .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where machines are in <unk> .
But where they are all the <unk> .
And of course , we can find food food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody heard .
Nobody knew where to get <unk> lives at this moment .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a Web website , and we asked the audience to say , `` If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , <unk> where , and when it 's open , because they 're open , because sometimes they open up at schedules . ''
And over 10,000 <unk> <unk> were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an augmented application , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next few weeks to use their phone phone from Microsoft to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but as well as <unk> .
And we 'd be able to solve it globally .
We 're bringing all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for crowdsourcing people around the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and somebody collapses , can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us understand these <unk> .
You might be <unk> services or mobile people , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my photography .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in photography became my first digital chamber at age 15 .
I mixed up with my passion before I draw , but it was a little different because when I use the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger is pressed .
For me photography , I had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It felt like anyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the trigger .
Pictures like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected turn .
And , despite that , it keeps an realism level .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with common goal to keep the realism level .
And when I say realism I mean .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
So what you have to think about is a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more to do with capturing an idea that we have to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Would you get the light ?
What does the illusion do ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But in the end , it 's about how to play the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfect objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if there was .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like a realistic picture , I think they 're those ones that we do n't even think -- the things around us in our daily lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider that , because otherwise something looks wrong .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will go on to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But they combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective .
Secondly , the photos combined should have the same kind of light .
And these two images have been able to be taken out of the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
I might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places .
So , I think it 's easier to create a place that we find because you do n't need to be able to put the ideas out of the ideas that it has in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought I thought this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to try and find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a rock well .
And I know , I even made the red , the house at the top of the island so that it looks more 19-year-old .
So to make a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
He always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is really well meant to be meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please do it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder of mine .
I 'm not so interested to show you the detail , but the general aspect .
It 's about a analysis that we 're doing about the power of recreational microprocessors versus the power of local local networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many others we tend to see , is a straight kind of a straight line .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something strange here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
It 's more intensity because write about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you take them on a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any kind of the technology that I want to plot with , the diagram would look something ludicrous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transport , on a <unk> curve , would be very silly , we 'd see a straight line .
But if something like this , you give a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation technology , it 's so quick as the microprocessors , last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move through that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , that every few years advance magnitude of magnitude .
The question I want to do is -- if you look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever forever .
It 's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's take a two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve like this until something totally different , or maybe I 'll do something like that .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , that 's why I think maybe something will happen like that .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are at a transition from what used to be the world , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is what that new way that you get in the world ?
Where new state is going on ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember the future of the future 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something 's going on .
That happens . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot to think about 30 or 50 years , because it 's all so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't have any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how that transition might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term stuff .
The time scale that I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , you go back about half a half billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that would spread around them .
If you look at the way these chemicals organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that 's that , at that time , I 'd predicted some oil of oil with all sorts of chemical recipes inside its inside .
Some of those oil droplet had had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside , so they grew up .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those of the oil lady .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them had a random recipe for chemicals .
And every time you have divided into a unequal distribution of the chemicals they had .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the droplets that are in some ways become better than the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals ; they grew more and more chemists and divided more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things were interesting , when these blobs were learned , when these blobs have learned the trick of abstraction .
So , in some ways that we do n't understand these demonstrations , they learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , let 's zoom in in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to register what they were so able to replicate .
The incredible thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living living is expressed exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have a hundred white dust <unk> that I try to hide from the airport security people .
But it contains this code -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data into this piece of DNA , and it would be 10 at 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my staff , I have a lot of for everyone here , in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If there was a guy who would have put it in a virus and it would have spread it out in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy another billion years .
But then another big step occurred where things were very different , and that was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information to form cells forming .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , evolved resistance to antibiotics .
So some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were able to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and there are now many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This media gave rise to be able to form communities that , in a way , were put together on that , and there was a synergy .
So they survived or failed or <unk> , or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were taken more and they were encouraged by evolution .
And the tipping point occurred when these communities came up so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write all the recipe out of the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And in that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't use without the heart , or the muscle , or the brain , and the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cellphone , something we call an organism .
The next level that happened in these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that were not made more than processing information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to register , understanding and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as an individual -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit because I knew wrong , and he got sick the last time he ate .
That could happen during the life of an organism because before they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system building those information structures really dramatically accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in the head .
I 'm here sitting here by sitting in the middle of them , and hopefully building a similar , vague idea , in your heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we converted it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
We now spend similar periods of the multicellular organisms , and we 've collected our methods of register , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of the language was a little step in that direction .
telephony , computing , video tape , CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that aggregate us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You 've already seen the evolutionary <unk> in which it made some evolution with the <unk> program , to our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales over time .
The first stages of history that was telling them taken billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next thing , the language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process is back back to it , I suppose , <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of curve .
We see that the process feeds back .
But I make my own life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for us would not be possible without recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor on that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine that does something that you could n't , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes using methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , please computer , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions , to run all those programs , and take those of those programs that are the most we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let me say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we find the programs that are closer to numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely to some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , fortunately , could put two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task ?
And you 'd go through those and <unk> the rest .
And now , you 've got the ones that best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following an analog process to sex .
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , who <unk> <unk> , and the children would make the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of programs in the combinations of programs that had a bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please check the process . ''
<unk> again .
You know , I put some mutations .
And it 's trying to try and try and get it back with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complex cases , in few times .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they 've been doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that we get the goal because they come from a bloodline for hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on doing that .
I once went on a shoe card , and it gets a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to provide a safe flight . '' Do n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that we have .
In that sense , it 's going on in front of us .
We now use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much more quickly .
I mean , it feeds back .
The thing is going to go faster and so I think it looks so fuzzy .
Because all these technologies go back .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analogous moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We 're the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell are creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our part that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is coming .
But now comes the lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I 'm getting away .
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I have enough time to allow me to give myself a part of my false prestige on that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end of the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out , `` Look at the rules , '' talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm focusing on one of them , and I hope a lot of you know .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a guy who would be 300 .
That means that the <unk> bat , three times 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being stuck , and anyone who 's going to try to throw it out at the first base , not to come in time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 .
You know how they call a <unk> on the Big Brothers ?
Well , really good , perhaps the team of stars .
You know how they call a baseball game ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's about 10 taps , they get four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player from the Major League of <unk> to run more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are that 's a surgeon who has also a record of 400 to <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose you live in a distance away , and a dear person has two coronary arteries and their family doctor drifting down to a cardiologist whose record is derived from 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's just improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or prosthetic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , well .
And the truth of the matter is , no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or medical care .
What we do , though , is to send them to the world , and I 'm like , with the mandate to be perfect .
That 's never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was looking at when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Sachs who was a lot of blood .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and the usual not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to select the <unk> <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with honor .
And I 'm going to take a drug school with the impression that if you 're going to kill everything , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because that 's how I get away from mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the woman to the emergency service where I was working .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology of cardiology .
And when emergency room requested to go into a cardiologist .
And they report the chief of residents .
When I first saw the lady , I was gasping .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which was telling me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , and they 've got blood .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give .
I gave them aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure on her heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could remove liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes more .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't raise the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , which I was to call my boss and get him with him for him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen , I would have been able to give medical information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was given constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When you send it home , I did n't pay attention to a voice where he said , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said to <unk> , `` Yes , I think it 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up , and the ambulance together with the ambulance .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my job .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home . At that moment , I did something I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency school service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patient 's patients .
The three words are : Do you remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
Within an hour of arriving at home , after I gave him the high , he suffered a crash and his family called 911 ; the ambulance soldiers brought him up to emergency emergency .
I just just breathe and I was blue .
The emergency staff gave all their resources .
They gave him medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was hoping for every hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days later , it was clear that we 'd never come up .
I had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they were going to get rid of what was happening .
And by the ninth day , he left her , and the lady 's lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they 're never forgotten the names of dying .
That was my first experience .
The next couple of weeks , I got stuck for it and experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I sat alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't do it with your colleagues .
You make peace and never more make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I talk about is what makes us feel very badly inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I would take the things up and made sure that I did n't tell me .
And I just followed these questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he sent her home ?
And in my worst times , why did I made a mistake that dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little little bit of that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a cloudy day , it opened up the sky , and finally went out , and I was wondering if I would ever feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself that if you hit the efforts to be perfect for me to be perfect for not making more mistakes , I 'd run away from those voices .
And that was .
I went back to work .
But it went back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto , and I got a seven-year-old man with a pain in your throat .
I was too busy .
And he would point here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit like <unk> .
He gave him penicillin and sent him home .
But as he was headed at the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my guard change , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I gave the three words : Do you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in your throat ?
Well , he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
I had an potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for it in Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but the higher air goes , and you can have the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
They were managed by <unk> , and it recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I went back and went back to work , until over and over again , and again .
Two times in the same emergency turn , no appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because it 's been fed up to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't tell home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out , and a colleague of mine who was checking the patient a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , and he called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid for <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it .
I checked it and notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both were operated on .
But every case , I 'm going to feel like it , I 'm going down .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , is a mess .
The most meaningful have been over the past five years .
It 's just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release it and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I could go to a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you listened to somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe it would be hard to look at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones who do n't sleep , and those who have the same results , and the ones that have great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , like antibodies that start to attack that person .
We 've got the idea that if we step aside from medicine to people who make mistakes , we 'll get a secure system .
But that brings two problems .
Within 20 years about diffusion and medical science , I 've done a personal study of medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical accounts for learning as possible for the Toronto .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We 're working on a system where the mistakes happen every day , where one of 10 drug drugs are wrong in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right .
In this country , 44,000 Canadian deaths for preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medical Institute set up 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not taking the problem as we should .
And that 's what things are .
A hospitable system where knowledge will be added every two or three years , and we do n't get away .
<unk> deprivation 's deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , he 's <unk> <unk> with <unk> and breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They would n't break their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So , if we take the system as they were taught , and we remove all the professional rates , good , no one left .
And how people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` Oh white <unk> , black art , '' it 's already a habit to say , `` This is my worst error . '' I would tell everyone from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst error , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And let 's get the microphone
And their students went out , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and start to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
So let me be able to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do that .
They need a medical medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined scientist is human , you know human , he accepts it , and it 's not proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
You know , let the mistakes of other people not with intent , but in a <unk> and support and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a storyteller .
I 'm human .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm effort to learn something that I can convey to others .
I still do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
You know how many decisions we take one day ?
You know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to pick an average American , they 're about 70 a day .
Not much , in a research , they went on for a week to a bunch of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks in these CEOs and the time that we were trying to make these decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job involved with lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time .
Now think of your choices .
You know how many of them belong to the <unk> category , and how many of the time ?
How do they choose the way that these decisions are ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choose to have a choice .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
While I 'm talking about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to meet their answers .
When I do a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand just if they want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you do a question , if your answer is positive please give you an envelope .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choice ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at the University of Stanford , I put this supermarket very , very high , at least at that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
It was like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we made water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I was asked , why did I never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different kinds , including the ones who were in sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked her , `` Does this strategy of offering all these choices ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists coming up every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
So hall .
They had different kinds of different kinds .
He 'd come up with <unk> , right to the entrance to the store .
We put out of six tastes about six tastes , or 24 different tastes , and we looked at two things : First , what was people willing to stop testing the jelly ?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what was more likely to buy a mug pot .
Here we find the opposite effect .
So they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
So you stood up when there were six , we saw that 30 percent of them bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six , that if they were 24 .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy jelly jelly , you probably want it to be very good at all of it , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us on a seminal way .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not appropriate .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Hung <unk> , where we watch the savings decisions for retirement about a million Americans , in between 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in to see if the number of funds permits to be available in savings plans for retirement , the 401 program , encourage people to save for the future .
And we found that I really know there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were coming from two , to 59 options .
We found that the bigger one was the number of funding , there was less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more , not as high as they 'd like .
And in the plans that would deliver about 60 funds , the rate rate went down to the 50th percentile .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those that they decided to participate , the bigger one was the number of choices , more people would be used to avoid their actions or investment funds .
As soon as there were more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we have to optimize to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the early decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to provide more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is , you know , let 's make it even more likely to make the decision even when this is going against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up things less satisfying , even though they 're objectively going better .
The main reason is , you know , you 'd be able to look at that giant variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and pick out that awesome exhibit .
Today , I want to tell you about four simple techniques that we 've tried , in a way or another , in different research , so you can test in your business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard about it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People always care when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing is that if you 're trying to cut , get rid of some strange redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales , which is going on the cost , there will be a better experience in the choice .
When Gamble & Gamble went out of 26 different kinds of Head of Head & <unk> , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Park corporation eliminated all the products for death of cats that were less sold , increased profit 87 percent , by two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know , the supermarkets now is offering 45 products products .
In a Walmart store there are offering about 100,000 products .
But the seventh largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it provides only 1400s products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to manage the choices is the author of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are automatically described to a safe insurance fund .
You really want to choose , they 're offering them 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , you know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is to ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell you , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was chatting with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience on a holiday on the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( Laughter claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept supply .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You know there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , which in the second , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were trying to look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of the options .
For people understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and the consequences must feel very vividly , very specific .
Why is people spending 15 percent more on average when they use your debit cards or credit cards , when they use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out that it looks more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were being fed up with a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we save exactly how used , we did a little addition .
So what we added was that we challenged the staff to think about the positive things that they would take on their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent growth and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hall .
We saw that in supermarkets that 's all over the street corridor , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish it .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll clap .
( Laughter claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think that one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll clap .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This is completely useless framework .
The categories must indicate something to you , not that define them .
You often see this problem with these huge funds lists .
He was supposed to be reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think , if you just simplify it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision .
This is a German one of cars that allows us completely completely .
You have to take 60 decisions .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each .
<unk> , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor , changes .
So what I 'm going to do is to vary the order of the decisions .
So half the clients are going to go from lots of choices , 56 colors , at a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go out of few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , lots of choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If it 's always a defect in a defect in every decision , this indicates you 're overwhelmed , or whether we 're losing them .
We found that the ones who are going from many different choices , put the shape button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from few choices to many , they go on there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was to disrupt the order of the order of information .
If we started with the easy thing , you learn to pick .
When we pick up the box of changes does n't say nothing about the preferences of architecture 's preferences , in all ways it prepared us to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more hooked on the process .
To sum up .
So , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of the options : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives ; <unk> , to make it real ; we can handle more categories with less choices , including complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help address alternatives , or better , for you , to use them on your business , or people who serve .
So I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful about picking .
And the more careful we 're going to be able to practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist East Germany , if you had a writing machine I had to write out of the government .
I had to register a piece of text to the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , so much that this would take the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having some yellow little dots on each page that makes them out of one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to be very much like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the Web .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
The cybercriminals are cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
Your phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks for a lot of money , massive numbers .
There are actually many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , which would take money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media through banking ropes to steal money from our accounts when we buy our key to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer .
The secret secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when he was frozen frozen .
Mr. Jain stands up out there , and she knows his stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this goes from bad at worse .
In the future , most of the crimes of online crimes .
The second group of attackers on importance we see today is not motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves , they motivate us the protests , they motivate us opinions , they motivate laughter .
There are groups like Anonymous , as Anonymous in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the attacks online .
Those are the three main bombers : criminal who made it for money , the <unk> as Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are national national governments to attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an authority of baking the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
It turned out the last fall because of a <unk> .
You 've got the security of the site and perpetrated a <unk> .
Last week , I wondered , in a meeting with representative government leaders , asked one of the leaders if they found death from people because of the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a seizure of these ?
<unk> is an absolute authority .
<unk> .
Why do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> <unk> , services as Gmail .
Except it would be a foreign authority authority .
It 's going to be produced certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters inspired the headquarters for the Egyptian secret police in April 2011 , and over 2011 , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company who was based on Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications scale of the communications of the country .
They sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a bad criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
<unk> the Internet connection .
We were even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the discussions online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious response , it should be , `` Well , it looks like a bad thing , but it actually does n't affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why to worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we have today , it will be forever .
Are you blindly blindly in any future , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that have to be worried about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences in most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
Let 's get our cattle .
This is one of the people who killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning and we found it dead , I sat down too bad because it was the only front we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and that 's why we give them so much .
So I grew up with a lot of lions .
The dying are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also pissed away with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions they killed in Nairobi .
I think there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , about six to nine years , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that happens to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because I even helped lions to see the pen from far away .
I did n't give up . He went .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions so they believed it was near the pen .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were gone , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
And the lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch with the one that would turn on and off .
And this is a little bottle of a broken Mountain .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar panel load the battery , and the battery would raise electricity to the little box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the <unk> lights .
As you can see , they 're going to take them out , because that 's where lions come from .
And that 's how they see the lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had problems with lions .
And the house houses heard the idea .
One is from this grandmother .
And she had killed a lot of animals so many animals and asked me if I could put the lights up .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now across Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to pop elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I had the fortune of getting a grant in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm so excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends into my community and we set up in the houses that they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So , a year ago , I was just a kid on the moons of the savanna , <unk> my father 's cows , and he used to watch airplanes , and he told me that someday would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer from aviation and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a grant . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next thing on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA : A near power ?
<unk> : I know they 've invented electrical fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So let 's zoom in , right ? and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I 've tried to be a <unk> . CA : On the foot of the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to get it up on every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we passed away all the time in the history of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the world , except America , Korea , South Korea , Japan is the enemy .
Though sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister from my sister .
That said , `` When I do this , the five members of the family will stop being in this world , because we have n't eaten them in the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
He was very altered .
I was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
Within time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something awful I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in her arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned to take care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine hit North North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and just few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They were also made more and more prevalent the energy power , everything around it was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is the limit of North Korea in North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to secretly .
But many die .
Sometimes , I see bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the early days of the famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be like <unk> .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal migrants .
So I was living in a constant fear that my identity was revealed by the <unk> , and it would be <unk> to a terrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and I was arrested at the police station .
Somebody had been charged with being <unk> , then I set up my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I got to control my emotions and answered the questions .
In the end of the interrogation , an official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Though he had caught them , were eventually released after an international pressure .
These Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and North Korea , where they are tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was fortunate to escape , many other Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic than North Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard only to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , everyone can do it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I 've decided to be putting it out to Korea going to Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than expected .
English was very important in Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different due to 67 years of division .
Even through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call myself with pride of mine .
Even though I was living in South Korea in South Korea was not easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the entrance exam to university .
Right when I was starting to go to my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had some money sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside the outskirts .
They had to flee .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went down to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could not speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over three thousand miles across China and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost were caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everyone , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came up to my family , I 'd impulse on my family , and I told her they were people who were accompanying .
He looked at me , but fortunately I thought .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after going on the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the frontier illegally .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and imprisoned again in Laos 's capital .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything for free to my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from South Korea .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man 's voice , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger who was wondering to ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the guy was the ATM , and I gave the rest of the money for my family and for others two Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank you with all my heart , and I asked her , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he told me .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown <unk> a new hope for me and for the village , when we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the people of the village needs .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I get together in Korea .
But to achieve freedom is only half the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they come back to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practices language practices , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us are still in contact with family still , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in Southern Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center for it to represent something else , so they changed the South Los Angeles , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South Los Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food .
Like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Center for the South Center , home from food places to take and to eat in the car .
So the curious thing is , the places of food to get killed more people than food .
People are dying of disease illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , let 's say , <unk> Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see the wheels out of the wheels and sold as cars used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this has to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of trying to handle 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a band of land that we call a gardening .
It 's 45 meters .
The point is , that belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what me come in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green L.A. , we put us together , and we started to plant our food forest , trees <unk> , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of a paid group in advance made by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city looked at me , and I 've given me a <unk> saying I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made warrant .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
<unk> order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Okay , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had written history written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the Green Green members who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , we were a success .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why do n't it ?
L.A. is the city of America with more terrain .
It 's about 68 miles away .
That 's about 20 Central Parks Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't you think this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
You 've got your own food to print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . It 's my children there .
I 'm going to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I cultivate my art .
Such a graffiti artist , which <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , land , like a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do . If they leave your canvas .
They just ca n't imagine how amazing it is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness how my garden became a education tool , to transformation from my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and more interesting act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came up a mother and his daughter , were like the groupers at night , and they were in my backyard , and I went out and watched very <unk> .
I , good , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I told them , you know , they do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt embarrassed by watching people who was so close to me with hunger , and that 's just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes that people will go to steal your food ? ''
So I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to go to steal . ''
That 's the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to give it your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a homeless shelter for homeless in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , which helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them , and how they used to plant her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , about 50 people coming , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids cultivate <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if none of this are taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and your body , they eat blind people in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they are trapped . I see guys of color that are in this path designed for them , which does n't take it anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting away from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe we produce the next George Washington Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn it into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you 've got to be <unk> .
So what I 'm talking about is to try to work on people on the street , and they know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We 've got to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Do you take them take their backhoe right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit .
If you want to see me , come in the garden with your campfires so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material for driving , but not always , especially not in days as today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that makes a splash .
And especially if they 're riding on your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
In addition , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we built roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make <unk> roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the highway in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so all the rain water flow around the side and you 'll have a road that 's easy to drive , and no water ever .
noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is it to get away ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then several more and more , etc. , and then -- well , it wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windscreen , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more harm .
Sometimes you can create bump with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the harm of this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it just has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the power , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between <unk> , <unk> , and if they <unk> , they 'll be made apart and they 'll split <unk> .
So , if you drive through the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material , we 'll probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we use steel wool , that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool out of very small chunks , and we can mix these little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you need to do is it 's heating the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> will flow through these <unk> , and the stones went down again to the surface .
Today , I 've used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great store machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put it out , which I 'm going to take up to see what happened .
This is the sample coming out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We did a lot of samples there , and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We 've got to try . ''
So they gave us a little bit of road , 400 meters of the highway <unk> , where we had to do a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road lasts several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take lots of samples of this road , and we tested them in the lab .
We made the samples aging , we put a lot of load on them , the limbs then then with our induction machine and the limbs , and we put them back .
So we can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using induction for , actually , increase the life on the surface of the road , even double the surface of the road , you can even double money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , you have curiosity of whether it also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability happens .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember I <unk> a morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
I had a great smile on his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually going on .
`` The Taliban went . '' I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban fled Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school .
For the next five years , I was shocked as a child to get my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be able to educate them .
Every day , we made a different route that no one could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books on market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would take our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Every day , the school was suddenly closed for a week , because the <unk> Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
We were following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but yet , the school was where we want to be .
I was very fortunate to grow up in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total city of a remote province of Afghanistan . <unk> that his daughter , my mother , went out to school , and she was his father .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He ran two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of all his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk not educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated about our life , and he was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want it to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than 6 percent of women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had not been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself here proud to graduate school at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was <unk> from his home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just get away from my university degree , but I was also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 've taken it through the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global category of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see the students in my school with the strong desire to take advantage of the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , despite them and still in front of an daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month , he and his daughter went out from <unk> to her village , and , literally , they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When I got home , they 're the phone , a voice , a voice , who was going to notice that if he kept his daughter at school , they 'd come back .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but I did not harm the future of my daughter for her old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've given up with Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , often , these are often the early <unk> of the bright future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school -- remember , was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of change .
I 'm afraid these changes did n't last too long , after the retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who come up with them , that the interest , I see a future <unk> and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day of <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . ''
But you 'll never go back to a revolutionary Gaddafi of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent nearly two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the surge of massive <unk> so much about the Tunisian revolution .
One forces with a lot of other citizens <unk> , inside and outside the country to call a <unk> and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the cutting edge , pushing the fall of the regime , they were carrying billboards , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown an honor on the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of a brutal war and a loss of losses in about 50,000 , we managed to release our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I have loved , together to many other women , rebuilding civil society , which are pushing a inclusive transition and just just towards democracy and national reconciliation .
About 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the decline of Gaddafi , roughly 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya , and with a enthusiasm , I started to organize workshops on development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the summer of Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and for us .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was getting more <unk> , which will become selfish for domination of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , little bits , the elation of elections and the revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day , we found out violence .
One day we wake up with the news of the <unk> of the old mosques and graves .
Another day , <unk> with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we wake up with the news of the Army Army Army .
And every day , every day , we wake up with the government of the militia and their full violations of human rights in the prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made up by a revolutionary mindset , and it 's removed from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
The intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the cones of the revolution .
I 'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the `` list '' and the elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to tell you , as a nation , we 're choosing wrong , we made the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The ready list and <unk> between candidates and candidate they brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society , polarized and dominated by selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men as women ?
Maybe what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue , and the creation of consensus more than needed elections , which only makes the polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most women else to need the numerical representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We 've got to develop a female discourse , not only <unk> , but also putting for mercy rather than revenge , collaboration rather than competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , mangled by war , desperately desperately needs to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that 's about the interrelationship and the <unk> between female perspectives and male men .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to figure out that in an existential way before we do it .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` That 's the word of God 's God . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> , maternal and maternal , who involves all of the humanity 's humanity , and women , that all tribes and all peoples have ever seen .
And so , just like the uterus covers completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is changing all of the existence .
That 's how you say , `` My mercy happens to all things . ''
That 's how you say , `` My mercy is most important about my anger anger . ''
That 's all the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to tell you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is what everyone does always : Why is it left ?
Why would anyone be going to stay with a man who sticks him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just slept at the University of Harvard .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and writer in the magazine <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first green Express , and had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , and he went on to my head with a gun , charged with bullets .
The man , who I loved who I loved in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy Love '' , a psychological trap , love in love , where every year millions of women , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at the University of Harvard University , and I have a MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 notes , between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years old with my second husband and have three children .
My dog is a black woman , and I 'm driving a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all races , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everyone think that domestic violence happens to women , who 's a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and abuse domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , said otherwise , in the families , the last place where the domestic abuse is so disconcerting .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who does it , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of other ages , and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples , dating and husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or its patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to the subway in New York , and it started to come up with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just had a university from a university and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what I was most struck by that first meeting was that it was ready and fun , and it looked like a field of the field .
I had a little bit of big <unk> as apples , and a prosthetic hair was wheat , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did about everything in the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything about me : I was ready , who had gone to Harvard , who had passion to help teenagers , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer , as no one had ever done .
And that 's why he 's in that Big School school and the job on Wall Street and his bright future had so important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase of domestic violence is seduced and exported to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I was going to leave New York and leave the job of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I agreed , I left my job , and I went together on Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was going down in a crazy love , which was entering a physical and financial trap , and carefully ready psychological .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those gun you come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where it was supposed to be so secure was bought three gun .
One had in the <unk> of the car .
Another one he kept under the pillow in our bed , and the third always in her pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never lifted up my hand , my life was already serious danger , every minute every day .
The first physical attack was spent five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had gone , I put my mother 's girlfriend and married him .
Even though what had happened , I was sure that we lived happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very disappointed .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me .
It was an isolated accident , and I would never make it hurt .
I spent twice more in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I was lost , and he gave me so strong in my head that he 'd been so strong on the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back to our honey moon , got away from traffic and threw a Big Mac cold .
<unk> kept on <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was thinking , when I thought was the only one in this situation .
One out of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or cyberbullying at some point in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control is informed that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
To go back to my question . Why was left left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was picking me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and was the only person in the world who could help him face his devils .
The other question that everybody 's doing is : Why is it just not going ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people , because we victims , we know what you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to drop out of a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the murders in domestic violence happen after the victim has ever come to the relationship , after getting away , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions , they include permanently harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to marry , environmental resources , and the family judicial system for <unk> to the victim and their children , who normally are obliged for the judges to spend time did n't have the man who would give their mother .
And yet we keep asking why it 's just not going ?
I was able to go , because of a last cliff , beating up my denial .
I realized that the man who I loved so much , would have killed if he was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everyone around the world : to the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , to full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims are intentionally in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Love Love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , that they learned that they learned a psychological lesson from what happened to them , and they would promote their lives joyful and happy and mothers , fully free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I became marrying a cute and nice guy , and we have those three children .
I have that black hole and also that <unk> .
So , what I 'm not going to have ever before , ever , is a message that was charged with my head in the hands of someone who says he wants me .
At this moment , they 're just like , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid time was , '' but all this time I 've been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a number of people , that you 're listening to me right now , who are being abused or that they 're being abused or that they are <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their sister , to his best friend right now .
I was able to end my particular love , breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Speak out what you 've heard here .
The abuse thrives just in the silence .
They have the power to end up domestic violence just shedding light on it .
The victims we need around the world .
We need that every one of you understands the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse to the light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
You know , let 's tell the vision of survivors as fantastic people and lovely , who have a full future .
You know , you know , the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climbing and show the victims out of safe .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe safe oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years old .
And I 'm feeling that at this moment there is a uncomfortable tension in the room because I should n't have a dress on this . luckily , I 've brought my clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage , so you have a lot of fortune on it , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I show up , they do n't have to get them right now , but to figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what 's thinking about me just 10 seconds .
Not everyone has that opportunity .
And these heels are very uncomfortable , less wrong than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is going to go through this sweater by head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything as it covers me your head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also superficial .
I 've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer was telling me that I was going to hold my back and get the hair in the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or a <unk> , like that I made me two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform what we look like , which , though superficial and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being courageous , it means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white , and in my working sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do me , but I kind of sincere .
The first question is , how does it get to be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> came out , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made myself a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what 's this heritage .
Well , over the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we also associate it up to a high and <unk> shape , and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've ever known to leverage money .
And I know there are people in the audience that now shows you skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> <unk> to say -- oh , you 're Naomi .
First of all , you 've got them to know so much models . It 's surprising .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York , counted all and every single models on the runway , and by putting hired models , just 27 , that 's less than four percent , were n't white .
The next question that people always ask me is : Can it be a model when it 's greater ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know .
But then , what I would really tell you to every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you would be the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , Cameron , I want to be model , then I say , `` Yes my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the head of my American magazine or the executive director of H & M , or next Steven <unk> .
To say that most of you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are higher .
It 's out of your control , it 's surprising , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate everything that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike , unlike surgery , we can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a couple of jobs on your back , no matter what you say , you know , you say , if you said to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Nice to underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people always do me is if all the pictures are crushed .
And I know , you pretty much put all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a slumber party a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my soccer team and in the magazine magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations from a professional group , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they 're able to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do they get free things ?
I 've got too many high heels , and I 've never use it , except the couple before , but the privilege I get in the real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went into a store , and I forgot to take money , and gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he was made a red light , and , of course , you stood up , and it took a sense , and it took an agent to keep driving .
I understand these privilege of this privilege , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying for a price for what they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers who stood up and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino people in New York , so for them , is not a question of me ?
But how many times do I tell you ? And when ?
When I do research for this talk , I found out that at 30 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number rises by 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is , `` How is life of a model ? ''
And I think the answer that you expect is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and fantastic .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like that .
We say it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative and creative people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what 's going on , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I 've got to worry about me every day .
And if you 've ever wondered : With a little thinner legs , and the hair brighter , will be happier ?
They just have to meet a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brighter hair and clothes more than fashion , but they 're probably physically living women in the planet .
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to retain this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image that we have from success and failure .
Thank you .
photography has been my passion since I was most passionate enough to put a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't go and I had them .
There were no artistic directors , nor would it be , or to repeat the photos , not even a bit of care in the lighting .
In fact , most people took them up randomly .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to happen to New York just one year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you get to New York on a <unk> journey and stick on the ritual ? ''
So here 's when we started to ask for the tourists that were going to take us away .
It 's striking that the gesture of delivering the chamber to a complete stranger is so universal .
Never no one has been denied , and , fortunately , no one has ever gotten away with the chamber .
So we were n't aware of how much of life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a couple of weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day that a seven-year-old girl could understand him .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop the time in a week from October , and we asked us to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only in the physical level , but not just the physical level .
Because , while we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter to new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything .
That time in particular that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion every year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the tent that I loved in the previous visits .
And it described me what had felt about five years in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart of <unk> with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things that we create is the memories .
So , I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but aside from these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the family pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
So today , I want to encourage you all to appear on the picture , and you do n't want to be able to come up with somebody and ask him , `` Do you take a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are found in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs like <unk> , silly characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause , and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep clean the environment , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamously . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , vultures have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There are the rabbits of the New World that are located mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the Old World Park , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 faces .
So , why should non-violence be important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our peak of natural garbage .
You 've got bodies to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria , they 're helping to absorb anthrax that it 's not going to spread and they would cause huge losses of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no density , the dead bodies take three to four times more time in <unk> , and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease .
Organisms also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the old Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the Tasmanian goddess of the Tasmanian devil .
In <unk> culture , they 're done very important to open open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these halls provide a system of eliminating natural .
What 's the problem with simplicity ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are endangered extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , and the reason is because they fall prey for livestock consumption that has been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned by using veterinarian in India and have taken a posture .
Because there 's no computation , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs in landfill in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for anger . The number of anger has increased tremendously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going up on the top of Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them through half .
They are <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a awful trade of rabbits and dead trade to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
So we 're talking to them about understanding the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 'll have their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , they will tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They are very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed because he saw them flying without effort , without energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , being much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
It 's from 1971 to 1977 , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , on the 21st , that the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Rather than that , everything we played on it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where a bit of Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we got with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we taught the local people grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to remind them to come to work , and sometimes , they did n't come . We were perceived to be found out that local local , in so fertile valley , they had not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just time to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully caught .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them to the <unk> , `` Look what easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You 've never asked him .
I thought only , Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English were doing , what the French were doing , and after watching what they were doing , I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
So let 's look at the waste -- namely , to see the waste that would give you to the <unk> of Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Help , '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered the continent two million dollars over the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that that money has caused .
He just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the harm we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people just two different ways : or we 're spending them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I try any different culture as if they were my children . `` I want a lot to do . ''
<unk> , I try all of a different culture as if I were my servants .
So the white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first of the help .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said , `` Can you imagine a city that 's not going to be drunk ? ''
I decided to just answer people 27 , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never starts anything , you never motivates anybody , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So , what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never gets to a community with an idea , and they sit with people in the locality .
We do n't work from office .
We got together in a coffee . We got together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is .
You can give it an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what will you do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because no one in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once to get to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never cover , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
To the smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't touch their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family doctor of business , who are established with you in your house , at the table of his kitchen , on the coffee table , and helps you find resources to transform his passion in a form of living living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city in Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage where we get to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
I shut up and I heard them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisers in history , passed away from '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of death 's death .
So now , we 're going to try to <unk> <unk> Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people come up with you .
You have to give them a little bit of them , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help them , and then they 're going to be able to go on mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we 've got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show you more than this morning ?
The local people . That 's what you have to do .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the spirit spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , <unk> fossils , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we fix , cure , we educate , we transport , we communicate , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable shape .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs , and they 're doing it now .
There 's an interesting story that you have in a futurist , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year of the city .
And in the year , they got together this group of people , and we had this group of people who would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York 's city would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked about , if the population is growing up growing up to this rate , to moving the population of New York around them , plus six million horses , and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to tackle .
They were already thrown away in dung . So , in charge , they were tapping up this dirty technology that we could make the life of New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in 1900 , in the United States of the United States there were <unk> companies ' manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different kind of technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to be able to give you a lot of them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come up with you .
Then you have to give you a complete , dedicated , <unk> .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you want to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met one human being in the world that I can do , sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at and looked at the 100 companies cones in Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is just one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it was started by one person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when it started .
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee bars , in bars with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did for this epic , someone who will ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Okay , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you want you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't change a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
Over the years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
So these projects came from questions like , how much are my neighbors for their apartment ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How would we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes more than the cows to the cows , so that our communities can reflect on our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giants that give you shadow , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city city .
And there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one of the most abandoned properties of the United States .
I live near this house , and I thought it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved it too much .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Their death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And that made me a deep gratefulness for the time , and it made me a profound gratefulness .
He gave clarity to the significant things about my life today .
But let 's try to keep this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to let you get a day to get a day and forget the really important one .
So with the aid of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house , abandoned on a giant board and painted about her phrases for complete , `` Before I die . ''
So , the pregnancies could take a chalk , thinking about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next wall was filled with , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before we die , I want to be judged by piracy . `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before we die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before we die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before we die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I want to die , I want you once more . ''
`` Before we die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself myself . ''
This space was abandoned , and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at me , <unk> me , and they gave me comfort at hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's trying to understand our neighbors in new and <unk> , it 's about giving you the reflection and contemplation , and remember what 's most important for us as you grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started to get hundreds of a hundred messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , find the ways of preserving the perspective and remembering that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that we get more empowered .
You think about the death of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people around us ca n't only help to improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single petition .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but transmitting joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
And the share unconditionally happens .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences and notice this : never lied .
When I 'm singing songs of our childhood , trying to tell the words that I do n't even remember me , I 'm reminded of one thing : the little thing we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year that he came out every one of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , he would be pee on my arm during the first episode of Lady Gaga .
Does n't you find incredible ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , often they are left and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even if that was the case , but you would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : `` autistic and extraordinary . ''
Now , for those of the most familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder affecting social media , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests differently in a different way , that it would be so different to Sam .
And all around the world , every 20 minutes , is to be diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the development disorders that goes faster in the world , there 's no cause any of the known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new life in my life .
When they spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , did n't seem very interested in me at all .
<unk> lived in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between half half .
As I was growing up , it became more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that had never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult times in my family , times when I 'd want them to be just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that it 's things that I would n't want to change by normal .
It 's normally going through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it does n't mean that some of them is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different vision of what is right .
If I could raise one thing to go through and Sam and you , you do n't have to be normal .
They may be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift . Every one of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time that we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what it should have been to be Alice in the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a communications class to engineering students .
He was scared . It was really scared about these students with their big minds , their big books and their big books and unknown words .
But in the development of those conversations , I felt what Alice should have felt like when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door in a new world .
I sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the job is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please get <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and its engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant for us .
Do n't tell us just that you just study the <unk> , but you study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the jargon .
The jargon is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` Space and temporal , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' that 's much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing that make them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and these are ways of connecting and <unk> with their content .
And when you present their job , forget the word `` bullet '' sign .
Have you wondered why `` bullets '' ? What do you make the bullets ? The bullets are killed , and they will kill their presentation .
A little bit like this is not only boring , but it 's supported too much in the language of our brain , and we 're overwhelmed .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple sentence , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then , you know , to provide graphs that we 're going to do with our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what describes .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , because of all media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words across the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
It just sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Though there was a 21st-century editor in the 19th century who defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that he 's looking for a public charge , no matter or platform or principle , and that , when he wins , it 's achieved by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
One thing to do with words , I suppose .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was due to the courage of a guy with the weird name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
They put him in the London Tower and imprisoned him , but he had enough courage to face them , and at the end he had such a popular support in London I won .
And only a few years later , we had the first record from the sentence , `` That 's how we 'd <unk> this <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you how words and policy interact , I want you to come back to America , right after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
All kinds of suggestions they might have been introduced .
Some people wanted to call it `` State de Washington State , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other people ' <unk> from the U.S. People .
Not very appealing .
Some just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was to test quality .
And they did n't even with it , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a given term .
And it could have served .
Everyone was immensely tired , because this debate was taken away for three weeks .
He read the newspaper from a poor Senator , and I was always writing , `` It 's still with this issue . ''
So what caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it King for him , or her successor to her ideas .
So , they wanted to give the title more modest , plus more trivial , and smarter than it came up with .
And that headline was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was no longer before , but it just meant somebody who would take a meeting .
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have a lot more likely than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There was presidents <unk> from small colonial footprints and fractions , but it was really a negligible title .
And that 's why the Senate was connected .
They said , `` That 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and get together with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's going to be serious with such ridiculous as ridiculous as ludicrous as the President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't stop .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite thing to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been able to be known as the President 's President .
President Barack Obama got lucky enough to go there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measurement is temporary -- it 's possible that we 'll keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is the President of President of America does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads for good , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story have threatened to the title of <unk> .
So finally , I won the Senate .
They got their headline .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , it was a uniqueness for then .
But how many nations are they now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who have the 5,000 nuclear heads , etc .
So , in the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them they 're now President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , reality changes much more words than these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mines in Ghana .
The air is hot and dust and hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk about , but about all , that cacophony of <unk> male <unk> and stones were very primitive .
Like the others , I 've got a <unk> <unk> of light attached to the head with this <unk> elastic elastic band , and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls out of that hole in a subway that drops hundreds of meters on land .
He took up my hand , and all of a sudden I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost over the control and dropped <unk> meters in that pit .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep at that hole at the bottom of that hole at risk , and they do n't pay any reward , and often , dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they may never never be done , because they are prey .
Over the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the incredible people that I met there , I met an NGO 's <unk> , an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and I really began to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as a degree .
So , when we finished talking to me very badly -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this terrible thing in our days , and I thought , `` If I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a <unk> , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the conductor of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So it started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them , even , considered my second home .
But this time , the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says there are over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of displaced Africans during all of the slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual wage of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about $ 50,000 .
However , today , it can be allowed to replace entire families for generations for <unk> debt debt .
Amazingly , slavery generates revenues of over $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been <unk> with false promises of good education and better work for them to find that they are obliged to work without pays , under violence and ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade today : goods produced by slaves , they have value , but those who produce them are disposable ones .
The slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet , it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange , weird show was like entering the old Egypt or Dante 's hell .
<unk> at a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , whole families , wrapped up in a heavy pit of <unk> cells in their heads , until 18 at the time , and they take them from freezing to trucks that are at hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made it just rather inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> , and sitting there , I thought my camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was next to my side quickly caught me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that I 'll demonstrate emotion is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me , but for them .
I could n't give you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizen from that country .
I could put it in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> and working inside the system for his release and he trusted it .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayas , I found children carrying stones for miles away from mountain ground to trucks they hoped down .
So these big targets were heavier than the children who load them , and the children hold them up their heads with the homemade straps made from suits , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been all his life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers were throwing their freedom , they burned completely their homes .
When you hear the word of slavery , we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this world conscience , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , women <unk> women who had been previously known sex slaves .
I made me take a little bit of the stairs that they were given to this dirty basement , tiny fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was a restaurant .
<unk> , as it knows in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves were <unk> with their girls and children , some of that only seven years are forced to entertain the customers , and they would buy more food and alcohol .
Each position is dark and dirty , identified by a number of painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients .
On the middle of despair , I remember making sense of a hot , <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
I just had one out , the stairs where I went into .
There was no mandatory doors .
There were no windows big enough to climb .
Those people do n't have any <unk> , and because we touch a topic so hard , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture in agriculture , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that we often associate with slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were entire families in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
Your hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , from their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and you pour the silk into the liquid to the elbows , but that 's what 's toxic .
My performer told me stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , can be able to come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay for our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I went to take a look fast .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger children , some more young children , makes sense ?
Wrong . They all slaves .
Children are separated from their families sold , missing and forced to work on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing to swim .
This child is eight years old .
So , when our boat came up to me , I was shivering ; it was a theme that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by fear of falling into the water .
The branching branches of trees submerged in Lake Volta , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they get thrown into the water to release the branches .
Many are drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his self , it 's not going to run away and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they went up with the last networks , but they had been working from the one .
At the cold and windiest night .
And it would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi were rescued in a fishermen village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> were <unk> to the victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes possible .
Who will be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> by a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a comrade <unk> with his motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to get it through a land path to the forest .
At the end of the path , we got away from the car , and asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out the path barely visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on .
So as we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that I put up the path and after walking around an hour , we found that the path was taken away by the recent rains , so I put pictures of pictures about my head as I put up on these waters up to his chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended up in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a soccer field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
A lot of women had children tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked in clean water with mercury .
mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These mining mining are enslaved in a hole in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pit , they were <unk> in their own sweat .
I remember looking at her eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been under land for 72 hours .
The pits have to 90 meters , and these people have got heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where the stone was going to be transported to the gold .
At first sight , the site seems to be full of strong , strong men , but , if you look closer , the margin , we see the way to work at least fortunate and also children .
They are all victims of injury , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this disease of T.B , and poisoning poisoning itself in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When she died his uncle , I <unk> <unk> debt from the uncle to be slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that the doctors said it should be .
In addition to that , it 's got T.B. , and yet , it 's forced to work on night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams with being liberated and polite to local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which is really inspired by respect .
I want to drop light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be able to give them and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazine . They 're people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
So I hope that these images get a force in which you see , in people like you , and I hope that force will turn a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do technology math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom you do : we are like the management lawyers .
Nobody knows what the hell do we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and try and tell you what I do .
The dance is one of the most human activities .
We 've got the <unk> of the ballet and the <unk> dancers that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demand for extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , and they 're gradually educated this extraordinary ability , like it 's done with my friend reading <unk> , who , at the time , was a virtuous dancer dancer .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are ill and they have to deal with an incurable energy , tremors , rigidity and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective way , and finally , the only way we 'll know if there is a cure to be when we have an objective metric to be an objective metric .
But it 's so frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there is no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , out of clinical trials , they never do . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
So that would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could be done the test themselves ?
I would n't need any staff .
By the way , it costs about $ 300 in the neurological clinic .
So , what I want to do with you as a <unk> way to try , you see , in some sense , at least at least , all of us are <unk> as my friend named <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vowels .
It shows someone healthy as it makes sounds on it , and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes .
And as the ballet , it requires a level of extraordinary training .
Take the time it takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal belt as they vibrate , and how Parkinson 's affects the limbs , also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom you can see a <unk> example of the vowels .
We see the same symptoms .
Go vocal , weakness and rigidity .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with clinical clinical trials ? Okay , both of them are invasive .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . Both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole bunch of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are precise . Okay , but in the voice , they 're not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do so quickly , they take about 30 seconds as much .
They 're at least minimum .
When something happens to be so low , it 's massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
I would n't have to go to the clinic for routine <unk> .
<unk> monitoring , we could get targets .
We could actually do massive massive <unk> for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> automatically .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Project .
Next to <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Any one , or without Parkinsons disease , it can call under price and leaving recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we already have reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , can be able to say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What 's happening is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not pass it out . You may not go .
But we 're going to get a very big show of data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances , it 's important , because we 're looking for the factors of confusion for confusion from the real disease .
TR : They have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's been shown that it works on the mobile network , too , what we 've got to do with the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We get into the darkness , rooms without windows and , usually , avoid solar light .
We do the thin thin thin <unk> models , the perfect skin of the perfect skin , we do the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste of the images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
A long time later , an organization where he was voluntary , there <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , together with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little old fishermen in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first towns affected by the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet high and more than three miles away inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We bring rubble out of the canals and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took out the mud , and let 's get ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , broke out of the local factory .
We were crushed and we loved it .
For weeks , so much volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and photographs of photographs and cameras and cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places in peoples around the city for <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While it was fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to drop absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of town .
It helped clean up the contemporary bathrooms , the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place it turned out to be also the place of the village where the middle of them pick the pictures together .
And there they had , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I 'm my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years , some were still in the lab on the lab , I could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started riding the pictures .
This was the first of all .
I was not too terribly spoiled , but where the water had been able to put up the face of the girl , I had to get up with a lot of precision and it .
In the other way , that little girl would not look like it 's , and that would be so tragic as to have the spoiled picture .
Over the time , they got more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people come together .
In Japan , in July , we moved on to <unk> , a village in the north of <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner in the photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time it took on <unk> is a different story , it was dependent on the <unk> of the photos .
I could take an hour . I could take a couple of weeks .
I could take months .
This <unk> was had to draw practically hands using how the areas whose color and detail had had not destroyed .
I took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged , saltwater , bacteria , with algae , even with oil , and it 's all over the time , and I still have a step of time , and it 's a major part of the project .
We could n't afford the picture unless it was clean , dry , and it was <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough .
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm even more the pictures damaged .
As once once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky enough to photos .
He had started to put it up , but he stopped realizing that the hurt even more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their face could n't have been able to reconstruct , we were able to fill the images in a single picture , and I put the whole picture .
When they collected their pictures shared some of their story with us .
A colleagues of her husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble quite far from where they used to be their house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go into the water while <unk> <unk> .
Their children , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everybody had survived .
The day he gave him his youngest son on her youngest son .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could do , something that he could remember from the past that I could remember from the past that would have been beaten on that day , when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had attached to that hundreds of hundreds of them helped us to clean up with more than 135 photographs , the vast majority of them -- most of them became the hands of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us back 90 families to hundreds of pictures of fully <unk> pictures .
Over this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in equipment and materials , most ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , one place , a relationship , someone dear .
They are <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing that we would take , but the first thing that we want to find .
This is about the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring back to someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this come back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , give them something , using their talent for something that they do n't have perfect skin models .
And so I 'd like to end this email . He was Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One particular one , a photo with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , I was moved , because a similar picture of my family my family , my mother , I and my daughter newborn , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
And I 'd been inspired by awe awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibit of just one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames a second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> , a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corner , beyond the vision line , or to see the inside of the body without using X-rays , and challenging the idea of chamber .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it on and put it on it in a second <unk> , or it 's , in several ways , create a photons package of just one millimeter wide .
And that package of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
So if we take that bullet and this package of photons , and we test it in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons in this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't make this research . It 's a lot of things in this film , and you 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The heart rate , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to <unk> , and that , in the inside , starts <unk> .
Part of the light goes down , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
A lot of photons finally come up to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble bouncing inside .
In that time , the waves travel through the table , and because of the thoughts of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the insights are concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we make it the same distance , and you see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much you think they would take us sitting on us to see that film ?
A week ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about a sudden try to be dead ?
You can see the waves that are thrown away from the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a rock in a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , `` <unk> , '' but , of course , our eyes see a comprehensive composition .
But if you look at it once more this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's shining .
Why ? Because the tomato is mature , and the light is bouncing inside , and it goes back after several second <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in their mobile phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to play it .
Why do we make this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture at the low exhibition , it comes up very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibit , so I 'll just go into some light .
So we sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly , we take those gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all these raw data and we can make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corner ?
The idea is that we could drop some light on the door . You know , go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the chamber .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a mannequin , and you 've got the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the chamber , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so quickly , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances all the way to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what it is going to be going to what distance .
In projecting a laser , you can record a photo in raw , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really have any sense .
But will we take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , and we 'll come up and try to analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We 've got things to explore before we take this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the open window .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But , of course , because of tissue and blood , this is pretty hard , so this is actually a request to scientists so that you start thinking about <unk> as a new visualization pattern to solve the generation of behavioral imaging .
So , you know , Doc <unk> , he 's a scientist , became science in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific views , but we can see that we can see it .
We create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about a second of a second .
But here 's something fun here .
If you look at the waves under the lid , these are going on .
The waves should be moving towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . Einstein would have delighted to see this image .
The order of events that events occur in the world sometimes happens to the chamber .
You know , we 've got the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A cell phone can change your life , and give you freedom freedom .
With a cell phone , it 's a crime against the humanity in Syria .
With a phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a phone , you can record a song , and I went back to <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting about a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people gathering out that they 'd come up looking for a change , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
Who have a cellphone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones .
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow .
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today have a cell phone .
But today , I 'm talking about my phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 different lines of information .
Data in raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission on the E.U . I introduced a directive .
The <unk> of Data .
This directive says that every European phone company , every single European telephone company , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sent an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use your phone , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and up to two years , in their phone company or his Internet provider .
And in Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone phone and the Internet providers that 's stored all of this information on us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said , `` Freedom , fear , fear . ''
And some people even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also asked myself if this works really .
Can you store all this information on us ?
Any time using your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany , which please get all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask for , and I did n't get a particular response . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So I decided to have a demand for the court because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
In the end , it 's an agreement .
They 'd come up with demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> <unk> failed for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand pounds of information .
And I first saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
It was a little bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the delivery of data means .
So , next to <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a six months of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , going backwards and forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you see how you 're going to see it on the train , and how often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
But all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife , and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends , and they call each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we end up with this great communications network .
You can see how people communicate to each other how time they call each other , what time you sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who talks to who , who tells you who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said to the beginning , imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And I had known who I was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never happen .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And , as a result , neither is the decline of the Iron Age .
Because today , city agencies and businesses want to store so much information from us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today , you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When they come home , tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not in fashion .
When you go home , tell their representative that just because businesses and city agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to help remember they have to fight you have to fight for self-determination .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
Not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , that 's why we get it all over time .
See .
It 's draining .
And Muhammad Al .
Now , C 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> or contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother , and I did n't know it because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It just happens by accidents , like that I was born at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
It 's wrong for me , because at some point in life , they want to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , drive in circles for parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit impaired ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and there 's C. C. It 's just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same .
I also love that if I want to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't be . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it , to dance to <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents went down to the school system , and they got away from that I was too , and if we would n't take all the maximum note from my mother .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my foot on her feet and just walking .
Another tactical that I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that it was <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten , I was walking as a boxing as a boxing who has received a lot of stroke .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they still are all of the family , I think nobody realized that we were not Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and politicians would think it would be appropriate to use `` hate '' as a campaign slogan .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to me a lot that he died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so early at dawn at dawn , it 's very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't pay physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or that I can walk in heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer holiday on the Jersey coast , I was not going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we did n't go back to Palestine every summers , we were shocked by Madonna .
On the summer holiday often my father was trying to <unk> , so I could drink milk , and I got to get me on hot cups on my back , I was crushed at the Dead Sea , and I remember the water to me and he thought , `` It works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before I did yoga before I was doing yoga , I could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents would take this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General General Hospital .
I went to college through the positive action , and I got a grant to the <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was coming in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater theater .
I all loved me .
I made all the tasks of the least intelligent , I took the maximum note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called very slow dance on Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a <unk> girl .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Well , finally I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
After free , free !
Thanks to God all-powerful , I 'm free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him extinct Brown .
I went back to the director of the theater department , crying historically , as someone had killed my cat , asking him why , and she told me why I could n't make the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't make the stunt risk , I ca n't do the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
I was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors without disabled roles .
By graduate school , I went back home , and my first tour <unk> was a bonus on a kitchen .
My dream became reality .
And I knew it would be `` companion friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stood there like a vase , I did n't see it more than the back of the back , and it was evident to me that the directors of the road did not have actors , no white , with disability .
They just take perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Rube Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I did <unk> .
In my first tour , he took famous comics from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comical that he took when he fell at the realization that I was going at high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all over the United States , and also Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little <unk> that says that women are not fun , and they find very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York Festival in New York , right now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and I 'm going to remind you to the directors of hand , which <unk> and Arabic is not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma challenge .
My great chance came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program program for Keith <unk> .
I went into it as if I went to a graduation dance , I went back to a studio and sat me in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another seat ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , three , two . ''
And we were live .
So I clinging to the presenter 's desktop for not going out of the screen during the size of the piece , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
And I finally had my opportunity and the <unk> . I knew they did n't make me .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to inviting me , but I was stuck as a full-time participant and pasted my seat .
Something fun that I 've learned in live with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that children are cruel , but they never get away from me or a little bit of a young girl .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became <unk> object .
So I 'd see clips online , like , `` Why is I <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor terrorist terrorist .
What disease has ?
We really should pray for it . ''
One reviewer suggested even that I would add my rsum to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
<unk> are the ... Yeah , clap , man . Come on .
<unk> are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the entertainment world .
The doctors said I do n't walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , to have grown with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create the most positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still use the whole society to teach our children .
My tortuous journey has taken me to very spectacular places .
I was going to go through the red carpet , <unk> by the soap of Susan Susan <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world , `` Arabs have come back crazy . ''
I was <unk> on depiction of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 .
And I started `` <unk> <unk> , '' a charity to give children refugee children a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me living alive , and I do this talk to his memory .
[ lies in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you too can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know its story .
He lives in a small village to the South .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and on the brink of starvation .
Nothing for him there , goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When you go there , there are no opportunities , there 's no job , no work about the future .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day you get a guy who offers him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They present to a young man .
Finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a bomb .
That little boy in that little village with dreams of the great city was the suicide terrorist , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting for him .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for the future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young people urban who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> rioting in London , looking at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity for jobs , jobs , well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If you do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , violence , to gangs , being the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , not to school .
They do n't do pretty much .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in that hospital , thinking , `` And if I was never left ? ''
And if I was forced to be in that same `` Wait period '' ?
Would it have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a corporate summit .
It 's going to be taken away from about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down , and we had a rain rain of the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunities .
I remember when he told me , because I was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and the rose .
It started a motorcycle company .
<unk> <unk> to local residents who normally could n't buy it .
I bought 10 motorcycle , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this different ?
What does this different story do ?
I think their ability to identify and take advantage of a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit of business , and I think the spirit of business can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that they 're looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to tell you about a young man who went on to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people in the height of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were plastic sent from plastics from abroad .
If you put someone , `` When was the last time you saw flowers cool ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company in <unk> and floral design .
I started a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and it started to grow restaurants and <unk> , who said , could survive the <unk> climate .
And it started free for wedding , creating gardens in houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , as he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't raise pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , Darwin 's presence had a really deep impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , work for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that they might be able to be able to be able to change the change .
For the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
You 've got business solutions to local problems .
So , inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put in their businesses .
You know , let 's get young people with the resources they need , they get the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and you will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , entrepreneurship is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent to rent and maintain the motorcycle for him .
They gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a terrific impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they will become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and they eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and peacekeepers than <unk> and wait periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in upstate New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves as well as a <unk> , and not being the way we still were , almost could pretend we were the first human beings on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful angle when I discovered something awful .
Behind the shed was just a dump , about four square feet with the hearts of rotten paper balls , and shoe shoe .
And I was given up , was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought , who thought was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it was taken away a little bit .
Who clean our garbage ?
No matter how they organize , or where do you put the `` ours , '' who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our garbage , for 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know , as individuals .
I wanted to understand who 's doing that work .
What does it feel like to use the clothes and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks , and I walked around the trajectory and interviewed people in office and interviewed people in the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to be going further .
So I started to work like junk .
He 's not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And it operated mechanical mechanics and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not so prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on that for several years , and their bodies were left on the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of Statistics <unk> , the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering the traffic all day , and they go across it .
They just want to do it , so usually the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall of the truck and cause terrible harm .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you come out of <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breath or circulation .
It should always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
I think the stigma is particularly ironic because I believe heavily that the waste result are the most important work in city streets , for three reasons .
They are the first step of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in a efficiently and effectively every day , this starts to come out of their containers and their dangers inherent us in very real ways .
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to sprout and begin to <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the economic engines begin to fail when it 's endangered .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just to point your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average average velocity necessary .
So , I mean just at the speed of the speed that we used to move in contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , or systematically , clean or us with our coffee cup , our pouch of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we would take away from it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might be able to help reduce the stigma and get them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
His job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day .
They use a clothes in many cities .
You know when you go out .
And their job allows us to do our job .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that keep us except for ourselves , from our own waste , our own waste , and that flow always has to stay in a shape or another .
One day after 9/11 of September , 2001 , I heard a bus collection truck on the street , grabbed my small son , and I went down the stairs running down , and there was a guy doing his name of recycled paper as he did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing this particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and said , `` We 're going to be right .
Let 's be okay . ''
Little after that I started to investigate the collection of waste , and I went back to see that guy .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times and we made good friends .
I want to believe it was right .
Let 's be right .
But in our efforts because we exist in the way we exist on this planet as a species , we need to add up to account all costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The city waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one to see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to acknowledge them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work focuses on the connection to think about our community life being part of the environment , where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At the beginning , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to employ a lot of energy because the skin with crystals generates heat inside , so it 's necessary so much cooling .
In a city where this should not happen , because it 's a temperate weather that 's going 20 to 25 degrees across the year .
And thirdly , what it looks like has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old market , which is the outdoors , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to survey the site , which is located in a much area of the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , there was n't .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating on an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , put all the entries in the building .
And it extends out of an inclined atrium that creates a space of outdoors in the building that was crushed , by its own form , the sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we would take to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a <unk> concrete shell in order to allow the air entrance , and it 's also the light , but in a filtered form .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful beautiful buttons in the Ethiopian one .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these tiny pieces that are the windows that let them go through the air and the light of a controlled way inside of the building .
This would be tested with these little colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial mall . It was n't what we ask . ''
But finally , we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the commercial mall , because at the end there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air-conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a big advantage putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the ceiling as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the ceiling , which were set out water for the inner heart .
It 's expected for principles of next year , because we go through the fifth floor floor .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that 's so big , the biggest I 've designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention into the <unk> , a quarter of a thousand years old , who was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of networked access for nearly straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was we expand the streets , creating 12 similar blocks of size in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we take some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines , and that altered the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best guidance for an apartment in the climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So , you 've got a framework that ensures that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that it 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then on the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that they set up a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The ceiling , which is my favorite space of the project is almost as giving to the community of occupied space .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socializing , and doing such as a $ <unk> race in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the process of design .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities that are literally growing up .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives change communities and economies at the same pace that grow buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions , which improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all new girls .
I had a lot of bright hair , and a little bit of bright hair and a little bit cute , cute . It was <unk> for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
I was left a while after the school out of school . It was a little afternoon , and I hid the girls ' bathroom .
When the shore was <unk> , I went out , entered the classroom , I took the book on my master 's book .
And then , I did .
<unk> the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just some .
All of them . And I had to bring back the book to the crate , but to see , some of my friends had very good notes too .
So , in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , no imagination .
I put them up all rows of <unk> and myself just a row like this , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea emerged .
I do n't understand why I felt well .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's that everything was obvious .
I never discovered me .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell me the reason that this little girl , so small , were so good for <unk> .
I believe the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also , primates . Birds tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to analyze loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory that we study jealousy in all their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , there would be a literature there .
Well , I would n't have Lesters on it , there 's no `` Odyssey . ''
There was no king jealous , or a thousand and a nights .
There was no Shakespeare .
You know , the lists of high school lists , because we 'd be losing `` The noise and the <unk> , '' there was no `` Gatsby '' or `` Party . '' We 'll lose `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
<unk> , no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost has all .
This year , it 's 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary address , all that we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the <unk> detail , right ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We thought about a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forget about how hard that image is .
We forget about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said were so hard as a cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat looks like , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious as the jealousy , that they get down to the person , their desire , to their impediments , are a great narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's life , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being in storytellers and audience , we know exactly how much details to do , to peg the knife , right ?
<unk> make us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , perhaps right now . ''
And it begins to say to itself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh <unk> that <unk> detected , he adds up to its collection of Torture instruments in his private chamber .
You 've got to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were always held jealous .
You know , honeybees would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with him .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's an hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy are <unk> from information .
<unk> use the details .
And jealousy just like the big quantities of bright hair and the cute and small pencil of pencils .
<unk> would take away from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust ties to the English language with jealousy .
When it 's in their agony for jealousy , he suddenly hears behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different from an age-old text or looking at a monument . ''
He says , `` It 's a scientific research of intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are seeing <unk> , and they make us seem <unk> , but in their heart , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , what it is concerned about , the more painful truth , better .
The pain , the shaming , loss , loss : These were the pathways to wisdom 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , it 's a range of much more deep feelings of feelings more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal ourselves .
And there is some other emotion to make us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals our <unk> , our awful ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very popular young young woman who was being used to the idea that his wife will <unk> him .
And Freud says there was something strange about that guy , who did n't get away from what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that she did his wife , inadvertently , unintended behaviors .
Do you get too much too much ? Or could you accidentally do it ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
novels describes very well how jealousy are made you look at intensity but not precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous of us are , more of us become a fantasy of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy are leading us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
<unk> will drive us to behave in completely <unk> ways .
So now I 'm thinking about myself about eight years , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman from Michigan years old was captured because he created a false note on Facebook from which he would be sent by messages , awful herself for a year .
For a year . It 's a whole year .
She was trying to bring up the new girlfriend from his former boyfriend , and I have to tell you that when or this , reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange , brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are dealing with how jealousy are , confused our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the kingdom of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , it can be seen by a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you have to get from you to be , and you 're going to get away from what you ever had , and it 's under the floor .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all around the world as much as sometimes .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go back to Baker Street and ask questions by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , think about the curse curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been passionate about <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat 's face of <unk> <unk> that need desperately desperately , it needs BMW 's genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and we 'd come up with bitterness in the each of the mysteries .
But how they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' once ballast , <unk> all with his solution , <unk> back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says there 's no person in <unk> <unk> who did n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see Country transferred in history . I think it looks very emotional . That 's also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute fatty is on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the same side .
All of a sudden , it 's allowing us to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , perhaps we do n't have to get away from the excellence of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like the contingency plan .
So as we hope that that happens , let 's remember that we have fiction to get it out .
It 's just fiction and jealousy .
The fiction alone , he invites them to the table .
And look at what puts you : the sweet <unk> , the fear Tom <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Mr. Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July of July , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped away from the Apollo 11 11 , and he went down on the Sea of <unk> .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA 's spending about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave work about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo one .
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men went to the moon .
He walked on the surface of the surface of which Aldrin died after the death of Armstrong last year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have a lot of a turn : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that the 24 magnificent sense of the smallest and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is , because President Kennedy I wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : some wonder , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why does it scale up the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why could I fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does he play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
In the time , the louder emotion was the most loud thing to the transcendence of the powers of technology .
They were because it was a great power to do that .
The landing on the moon , it occurred in a context of technological domination .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for T.B .
In the middle of the century , it 's taken away from polio and eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew at $ <unk> .
Since 1970s , no human being has come back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimistically optimistic about the power of technology has evaporated in the power of technology has evaporated in the power of technology that we imagine that the technology will solve as going to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world 's population seem to be intractable .
I remember watching the Apollo <unk> .
I was five years old , and my mother said to me that you did n't look at the <unk> <unk> tube .
I knew that this would be the last door , but it was completely sure that I was going to see colonies on Mars .
So that 's `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all over time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like technologists had distracted us , and they had enriched toys with trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There is a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , who <unk> that have created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel was going to give Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says the markets are the guilty , in particular , the incentives that the risk capitalist is offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of <unk> ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the capitalist capitalist were at their high point without worrying about risk , they preferred small investments , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble to invest with a benefit in technology as energy , that they need a huge , huge capital , which development is over the long term . They have not invested in development of technologies dedicated to solving big problems because they do n't have a commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and deep .
Sometimes , we chose to do not fix the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that 's never going to happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because politicians fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and the oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want source energy sources that can compete on price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about how policies and international treaties were able to develop the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , some kind of coal price .
But there 's no hope in the current political climate that we 'll see an energy policy of America or international treated that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that looked technological , turn out not to be .
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure on the food route .
But 30 years of research , we 've been taught that famines are policies that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can make things better like crops or systems for storage and systems for storage and food , but there are hunger as bad as there was bad governments .
Finally , the big problems we sometimes have a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon was declared the war in cancer in 1971 , but we soon found out that there are a lot of types of cancer , some <unk> types of cancer , and only over the last 10 years appears to have found effective treatments and viable .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we should , but these four elements have to be here : Political leaders and the population must want to fix the problem , the institutions need to support the solution ; it 's really about a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like this as a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems , serving with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that <unk> how hard and dangerous , and there is no popular science fiction mythology as to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be easy .
I was just three days .
And I really did n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we do n't lack the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start to begin with the frequent ideas that you have about trust .
They are so common that they become abundant of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second one is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third one is one task : we should get up trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , that I think it gives a more clear idea about the topic .
First of all the question : Why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I want to think that there may be diminished in some activities or institutions , and that could have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can turn to the surveys , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at opinion surveys over time , there are no evidence for that .
That is , the people who are engaged in 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspiring the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway through .
But is this evidence ?
What polls opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you look at are generic attitudes that biases people when they get certain questions .
Does politicians Trust ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you get a lot in the <unk> ?
Are they going to go online ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ?
I probably got to say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you might say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but other people do n't . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to make trust trust .
We do n't expect that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , no official or a guy , it 's going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain elementary teacher who I know to give the reading class , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to maintain a conversation , but not , perhaps , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way trust is separated , why do we stop that knowledge , when we think about trust in more abstract form ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real trust level , because they try to portray the good judgment in fact that they trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal I 'm going to do .
I would have more confident about what is trust , but not what it 's not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who would be their savings with very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
To have more confident , it 's not a intelligent goal in this life .
Nowhere sitting or denied intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
So what it 's about is to do a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that to be able to do a judgment , we 're compelled to focus on three things .
Are competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that one person is competent in the raw subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trust , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends that are competent and honest , but I was not trusted them to take a letter to the mail , because they are <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see you 're going to be able to fix their own competence .
And I 'm very glad to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
Yeah , I still did n't realize .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before we trust .
So trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability of accounts for all kinds of institutions , professionals , and others , that made us easier for us to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes longer to do the administrative paperwork that I 'm going to attend . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional , that the accountability system that 's meant to guarantee trustworthiness and endless tests , is actually doing the opposite .
So what they do is they make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let them say `` use the boxes , '' as we say .
Sure , you know all of you guys know similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if they 're engaged in trust , and we would encourage people who are reliable , and if you try to figure out whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what 's not doing properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little trustworthiness .
We can do that if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive , because it gives you other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough foundations so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to be able to give up evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's every day , everywhere , it makes the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I bought my socks to say I can leave them without giving explanations .
I 've got them and give me the money back , or you change them for the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you come back vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think that what we 're looking at is not really hard to tell .
So what people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working on to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be formed .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more and more , such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started to imagine what it would be .
First of all , I set up this tool that gets into the digital space , so that when the strong force against the screen transfers its physical body to the pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool breaking barriers .
But the two hands remain still on the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands ?
In the National Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area work .
So , I did a very transparent bombsight with a depth of depth to detect the toes and the face , now you can raise the hands of the keyboard , you get inside the 3D space , and grab it directly with your hands .
Like the windows and files have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and we make the digital information coming towards us ?
Now , surely , a lot of us have bought and returned to the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
So what I have here is a virtual projection on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or clear when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them be physicists so we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my Professor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is acting as a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was to ring gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation , mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by using digitally , the object , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance and a famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can play it as a physical reality , sometimes we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how programming the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information wo n't just show us something , but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us as part of the physical world around us .
So we started today talking about a barrier , but if we put that barrier , the only boundary that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'd been bored to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to raise a school for athletes with all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like they .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed firmly that there was only an effective path to happiness : a safe job and paid paid .
No matter whether the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be an American opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
A opera singer should begin to start <unk> from very young people to learn the <unk> , so I tried everything I could go to school school .
I even wrote to the school director and a radio program .
But no adult read the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supported , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at age 15 , I knew it was already too much higher to train .
My dream would never make .
I feared , for the rest of my life a second class happiness , was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another calling .
Anybody around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> the books .
[ `` Works '' from <unk> .
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about American Chinese Life .
And it 's not convenient for convenient .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany , `` Let 's get your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than to obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit .
You know , let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , this map seemed to me outside , because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map implies the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There are research camps as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , give academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if comparative reading worked for research , why do n't we do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books about two .
They can be about people [ Benjamin Franklin , '' `` John Adams , '' `` John Adams , '' that they were engaged in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are cheap , policies and spiritual .
For the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road Road Tzu '' by Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Road of Tao '' Alan <unk> ] Rather than lost in translation , I found that you can make a lot of her .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` Nice joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means new mother . uh-oh .
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to be feeling alone or helpless .
To actually have a mining dream really , it 's nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that accomplishment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
So even a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , that I 'm here , happy , living with purpose , and clearly , most of the time .
So , books always will join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first psychotherapy client .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 12-year-old woman called Alex .
Alex went into the first session , using jeans and a <unk> , threw on the couch of my office , took off the shoes and said I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My classmates had a <unk> as a first client .
And it struck me a little bit like I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex took to me on the sessions , was made easy just to move the head while we had the solution .
`` <unk> are the new 20 , '' and said Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work afterwards , and you get home afterwards , you have children later , until death happens .
For <unk> and I had time for <unk> .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to push Alex that I 'd talk about their loving lives .
I had resisted .
I said , `` Oh , of course , it 's coming out with guys under the category , and he sits on a <unk> head , but it 's not as if it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not not , but maybe they get marry next .
Also , the best moment to work on marriage 's marriage is before they get married .
This is what psychologists call a `` Ah ha '' moment .
It was when I realized that the '30s are not new <unk> .
Yes , people sitting head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized so that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving lives , but for careers , families and future <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think no one gets to adulthood without going before you get them .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to look at the <unk> .
Oh , yeah ! They 're incredible .
If they work with <unk> , you love a 20-year-old , you take your dream a 20-year-old , I want to see . Okay . Incredible .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be going over 35 years .
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' who gave your life you may have happened for when you have 30 and so many .
People over 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they win .
We know more than half of Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up the second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and spread themselves for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change themselves , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any time of life , and we know that female fertility goes on to their top , and things become complicated to 35 .
<unk> are the time to get educated on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where their daily and ordinary life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in the adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the time of adulthood .
Researchers call them a extended teenager .
The journalists gave them dumb names ridiculous to the <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As culture , we 've considered a triviality that 's actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you a sperm in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They steal that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , intelligent , interesting intelligent , like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend 's not good for me , but this relationship does n't account . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` They all say that while I start a race before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this , `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better resume day than I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this , `` My dating dating was like play .
Everyone ran off , but then at some point about 30 , the music went off and all began to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was left standing , so sometimes I think I got married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a bit extreme , but it 's not wrong , the risks are very high .
So , when you leave lots of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure to 30 , and so many of them start a race , choosing a city , choose a couple or three or three children in a long time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there are research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing all of once to the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about to realize you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having a identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or in entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend who was showing more temperament .
And despite living a little bit difficult , his previous life had been even more difficult .
We often have our sessions often on our sessions , but then they get up herself to say , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day , she had her head on his legs and wept for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book on board , and had spent the whole morning with his many contacts , but then he was left looking at empty space that goes on after the words `` emergency case , please call ... ''
He was about the hysteria , when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if you get cancer ? ''
At that moment , I took a lot of work for me to resist , not to say , `` I . ''
And what she needed was not a snack that he really needed to be worried .
She needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the iconic decade of Emma was going on .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all of us , man or woman , deserves to know .
First of all , I told him to be forgotten about that identity crisis and the identity of identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what they want to be afterwards .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that business , that company they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm <unk> the exploration that I should not tell , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to him that I would explore jobs and he made them count .
Second , I told him that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to get you to the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds as limited as they know , what you know , how they talk about , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who was coming out almost always comes from their circle closest circle .
The new things come from what 's called weak friends of friends of friends .
Yes , half the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have any work .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we put it into this group .
Half the work that 's never been published , then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way they get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Last but not least , she believed that you do n't pick your family , but I know their friends .
This was true , when I was growing up , but like <unk> , she soon appealed to her family , when I have a partner and form his own family .
I told him that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better enough to sit back than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live right now , or you 're going to be wondering now when everyone on Facebook begin to walk towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that implies being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you chooses to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That supply of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's special about events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , loves her new family , and I 'm sending a letter to say , `` Now the contacts of emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with .
It 's very easy to help .
<unk> are like airplane coming out from the airport in Los Angeles , coming out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a light fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at the age of 21 or even 29 , a good conversation , a good conversation , a good TED break can have huge effects in the years , or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all of the traits that you know .
It 's so simple as I learned to tell Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling you to <unk> every day : <unk> every day , <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> her adulthood , get an identity of identity , use their weak ties , choosing your family .
They do n't stop defining what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're choosing their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very <unk> job in management consulting for a job that was even more dangerous : faculty .
I went to teach them math students in New York schools in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and tests .
I gave them tasks .
When the job came back , we had the grades .
So what I was called the attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have <unk> I.Q . <unk> .
Some of my smartest children were n't going so well .
And that started me thinking .
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade , safe , are hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every single one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure a better way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how much and easy ?
So I left classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Western Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> we have in military training and who they would get into .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> and try to predict what children were going to do as far as possible in the competition .
We studied at teachers amateurs working in really hard slums , including what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those , who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning from their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their job in work ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a characteristic as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was not the good appearance , physical health , and it was not I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Determination is clinging to their future , day after day , not just a week , not just the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
Determination is living life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked them to thousands of high school students who did my questionnaires , and then I waited for more than a year to see who they were crushed .
It turns out that children with more determination had a lot more likely to graduate school , even when I matched them on each characteristic that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even security they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or the National Archives of <unk> in which matter determination . It 's also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How can determination for children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I hold them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . I know that talent does n't give you determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination determination is usually to be related to or it 's even connected to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at the University of Stanford by Carol <unk> , and that 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get away when they fail , because they do n't believe that that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in the front .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to fail , to begin with everything again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going through this incredible language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall Wall .
Over the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that whatever you want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated language I can do .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw every single character in the correct sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow us to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant restaurant , understand the basic idea of the pages or the newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it 's a square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a ride .
<unk> .
If the way of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if they were screaming like he 's screaming like it , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally originally , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
Tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create a lot more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going on . ''
As the former adage , two are company , three are crowds .
If you stretch your arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree looks pretty stupid .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's too hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
A door . Hold on a table inside the door , you know , you know , you know the door .
Hold a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , did you play somebody at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , get care is adultery .
So we 've already gone for almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters to build other 32 characters .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that learn a Chinese Chinese Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a fire mountain . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the emerging sunshine .
This is a Sun put in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So , a Sun along the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character left on the left are two mountains stacked one over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> were <unk> to their politicians beyond the mountains .
And today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you to go out there is a result .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
I rather than being Dad are the movies that I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my children , and my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered their imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and taking a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in such a kind of child 's professional shows .
Yet the magician magician was a event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to years later with , oddly enough , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy , a <unk> guy and a <unk> guy who was <unk> to a girl in the enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician 's done today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz as prophecy . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies on the bad computer .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Only three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of supervision were down . So , he stood down in the room , and I was struck by a leg with his stones behind her , and I did n't think he understood what was going on , but no , <unk> everything .
I wonder what her perceived .
Would they be <unk> themes , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke is one of the military to remove the government ?
Let 's compare this to the magician 's magician 's magician .
How do they win Dorothy in his film ?
<unk> with all of us and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow , OK ? And not a world of men fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much energy capital force , force in the movies for our children , and so little on the path of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how children react to this stimulus .
I know the experience that the <unk> <unk> does n't provide the proper framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are blended together . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the loans would start to appear because it 's the end of the film , right ?
My quest has done , I have girlfriend .
Why are they still standing there ?
I do n't know what I have to do .
<unk> focus on defeat the villain and get their rewards , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney before any of you .
But they send a message to children , although they , kids , are not really their public audience .
They do a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to protect them against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to protect the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real , lovely like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to be coming up with classical and classic , each of them about the adventure of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who raised a child .
Until , as many of you 're thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Remember what the critique said when he went out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a princess from a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films passes the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not roots anymore , and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement today .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book , and in the mid 1980s , I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine on the assessment of the movies they saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that should be done : In the film , there 's more than a female character than has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the film ?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the guy who they both like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I really rarely see it in the film that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good <unk> film .
Right ? <unk> Oscar , <unk> <unk> , a consensus of what a Hollywood movie is .
And basically , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostages of hostage .
We have lots of men from men who have deep conversations and painful in this hiding , and that 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then okay .
But there 's a greater number that this is going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted ever in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of massive entertainment .
I do n't think movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of <unk> sex .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do you do n't learn ?
You know , you 're seeing the story that the role of a male hero is to beat the villain with violence and then charge the rewards , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't talk ?
So , are we doing that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> it .
We 've got tools to our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I am mainly talking to parents .
I think we need to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of manhood is changing radically .
You 've read about how new economy is changing the role that you care about the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was from Star Wars , you know what he replied ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they are experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to be able to achieve their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories when I tell my son : Go and struggle only and more stories where their job was to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , as the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I was most like was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They are covered with sand and it 's hard to see .
Yet , over time , I got used to look for them .
And so I started looking at forms and patterns that helped me .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at almost 1.3 miles above the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different you see when we use infrared .
This is a place located in the Eastern delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using a fake color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and activities in the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the old Egypt over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the former Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> always knew that it was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , is in the red circles here , but somewhere in this huge arrangement of deluge .
This area is huge , it 's about six miles away .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , moved on to this and covered the entire city .
So how can you find a city below a large landscape ?
I 'll try to find the chance that would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with the blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
So we were able to see where the Nile did .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborate with the Egyptians doing making sampling jobs ; you can see it here .
When I say sampling , it 's like the shots of it in ice , but instead of climate change , but instead of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , under a thick sheet of mud , we found a dense layer of ceramics .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters below , we have a layer of occupation in several hundred years that date back to the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs ; <unk> , quartz and cat -- what shows you there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find them anymore here , but we would be able to put it in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also perform great discoveries .
I want to end up with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Let me share the knowledge is the largest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Do the ideas really happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a lot of time and found from high time .
It certainly puts the search of seamounts in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> house .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that 's made .
Now we 've got a group of <unk> obese in bicycles .
They are competing on a bike car , and they go in their front door .
I need to look at this .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're going to sing a lot .
And they collide in front of the door .
There are bicycles flying around , the wheels they go on on the side of the wheels that they end up in <unk> places .
In the lobby , the hall , or what there is on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light . The light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From a brown horse , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel the blue coat defending your nose .
You can sniff the porridge cookie and pass you up to the mouth .
<unk> on the side and they go into their living room .
Already in the room , and making more of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his coffee table , singing , `` <unk> my Baby Time Time . ''
Now let me follow the kitchen .
The soil has been covered with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven coming towards you Dorothy , the <unk> man , the <unk> , the <unk> of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> hands .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that 's done every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess this was like the end of a wise person .
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
<unk> the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
He gave whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could still memorizing the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people have to be the phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I asked her , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using old techniques , invented a thousand years ago in Greek , the same techniques that were used Cicero to memorizing their speeches , and medieval academic academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have heard this before ? ''
We were standing outside the classroom , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English English , even though a little bit of <unk> , she said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Did Britney Spears ?
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to put the order on a deck of cards live , national television .
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start for something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up spending most of the year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a guy called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the role of Atlantic Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
So we went together in the public library in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was scrambling .
And when I come back , I read a lot of treaties on writing written about 2,000 years ago in Latin , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I 've learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined and grown memory was not a little bit rare as you can find it today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide <unk> their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they also have changed .
We 've been culturally culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us also cognitively .
As we 've almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where they still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , is this very unique competition of memory .
Actually , it 's not so singular ; there 's competitions like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College in London invited a bunch of memory champions , the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brains in some ways , structural or different kinds of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Is it more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a battery test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control that we compared .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they would <unk> their brains while <unk> numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions in memory , different parts of others .
They were actually used , or it seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The whole array of competitive memorization is driving as an armed race in where every year comes out with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times of memory .
On their desktop , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorizing in an hour , using a technique that he invented , and it just mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the accurate binary sentence .
I know .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques used by the end of the idea that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the <unk> paradox .
That 's his last name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I return later , and I wonder , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who told her that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word than the person who said his job is `` <unk> . ''
Same word , different ability to remember ; that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we 've known the bakers .
They use it <unk> white hats .
They have flour .
Let 's come back to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you take that word for the first time , we started to put <unk> <unk> for <unk> at some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this over 1,000 years ago in Ancient Greek Greek .
It 's called the `` Peace de memory . ''
The story says like this : There was a poet called <unk> I attended a potluck .
They had hired as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , it did n't join a DJ , hired a poet .
He stood up , he 'd read her poem , and went left , and so soon soon it was , the breast room collapsed .
They kill everyone .
But not only killed everyone , but shattered the bodies and left them off .
Nobody could tell who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't make the bodies away .
One tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , I shut the eyes and realized that with his mind , I could see where I had been sitting every invited .
I took the family 's family 's family , where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
The thing that <unk> at that time is something that we all know about , or intuitively , and it 's no matter whether we 're not good enough to remember names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space .
If I 'm going to tell you that I 'm going to tell you the first 10 words of the story that I just mentioned to you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very hard to do that .
But I would bet that if you told them to say who was sitting on the horse , brown speaker in his lobby , would be able to be able to do it .
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with your mind and the eyes of your mind with the things that you want to remember , the crazy , crazy , crazy , <unk> , funny image is going to be .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first memory treated in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory , in the same way that had made him Cicero if they were invited by being invited , 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is to imagine you 're on the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolute ridiculous , crazy , haunting image to help them remember that the first thing you want to say is that competition was completely remixable .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and you see the <unk> of the <unk> on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story that you want to count .
And then he entered the kitchen , and the fourth issue that you would talk about would be that strange journey they made for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
It 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speakers , not word for word , who will be confused , but typical of typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space .
The sentence `` first '' would be like the first place in his memory .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got full of that .
I went back to some of these memory , and I had the idea of writing something broadly about this competitive subculture of competitive people .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
Really , it 's how to see a lot of people sitting on taking tests . I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone came in front of the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit on the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem . Or the names of a former school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was entertaining .
I would never expect it to be .
It was entertaining , because it was n't just to train memory .
So what it 's really about is to be better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked quite a lot of this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and a security card covered with tape , leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory of memory .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that he had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could join , in a kind of participatory engineering experiment .
I thought this would be a good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment went out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to <unk> speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but this is not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because it 's based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build the memory of memory or <unk> cards , to profit with a little insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
We 've got a kind of deep processing , kind of a whole attention that most of you are not <unk> around .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how memorable things are made .
And if there 's something I want to leave you today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around our side . We 're going to be so clear that we do n't even think of processing ?
I learned firsthand that there are capabilities of incredible incredible memory all over us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you should be the kind of person who remember remembering .
Thank you .
I 'm going to tell you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , and so we had a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a 28-year-old Jersey , I was six years old and lived in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I was sharing with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And that 's all over the time watching TV , so every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , everybody watched me , and every time I 'd come back and I 'd come back in a towel , everyone seen me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , I hated that balcony and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotion that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , or division of areas , but of those gut , emotional connections that we feel in the places that deal .
And it 's no wonder that we feel that way , because according to the Financial Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot of it .
architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you think about you think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know you think about it that that 's why you think about it that you think about it that we built a thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> using architects to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a lot , a long time .
We use it about 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in America , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , from the elements .
This is very , very helpful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a lot of time and it 's very complicated .
The people who are building . The <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they want to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we find buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that they leave <unk> what 's worth trying to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , ended another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side , it 's innovation , architects constantly drive new technologies , new neurosurgeons , new solutions for the life forms today .
<unk> , we 'll try and push it so much , that we get away from the people .
All of the black , this makes us depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no choice .
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect to those symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're feeling like <unk> , so we 've started to experiment again ; we 're going to swing the pendulum back , over and over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's over the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the 1980s , and we started adding those symbols .
I put the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that we like the <unk> .
We 've got neon and we added pies and use new materials .
They love them .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets and we converted them into skyscrapers , that can be medieval samples that can be medieval samples of glass .
So the shapes went out , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
swans grew up to the size of buildings .
madness .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , we moved to the slums , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , French or Italian .
You may possibly have an endless piece of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
architects are frustrated , and we started trying to swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the 1980s and early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
We 've got the historical symbols , and we 've got new design techniques techniques on a computer , and we find new compositions -- a few ways that we are against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> back in the opposite direction .
But then , something surprising happened .
In 1997 , we opened this building .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of these rare moments when critically , and when critical , academic and general public and public people in general .
The New York Times journal had a miracle of miracle .
The tourism in Bilbao has increased two percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how it 's possible that these forms , wild and radical , how can you possibly become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media would be embedded around them and quickly learned that those shapes and tourism meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The world 's leading mayors did .
So everyone believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennium happened with other stars .
And I went to geoengineering and Libeskind , and what happened to these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium , actually started going on with all architecture ; digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
So think , for example , how they use architecture .
A thousand years ago , would have to have walked to the next village to see a building .
So transport is speeding up : you can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
Technology speeding up . You can see in the newspapers , on the telly and finally , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know if I designed it about four years ago , it was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're on the highest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the lift , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that , when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing around faster and faster , so far away to be in both right extremes , and it 's effectively made the difference between innovation and symbol , between us architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make <unk> symbols , with emotional load , from something completely new .
So let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were able to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> at Fire , in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday .
But that meant two years before he would end up the building , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked at exactly the product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to get and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , became a media , because these are not just images of a building , the images that you made from the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell us each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but that has changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , we first went to the Internet to look for new libraries .
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , what it can be like a library .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of <unk> , to <unk> people , and tell you that there 's no unique answer to what it might be a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
Architects are already not those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words , and you 're not a hapless audience that does n't have seen before .
architects can listen to , and you ca n't leave it by architecture .
That means that the pendulum led to one style to another , one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different than buildings today .
This means that a public space in the former city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in the ideas that it should be a stadium .
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we finally are ready for the ways they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings are driven to the whims of nature and not otherwise .
This means that a parking car in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or for yoga , or even one can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River River , and half half a million dollars from the united community around that cause , it 's not a client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as opposed to the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings not only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , homes where we form our children , and the step of the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and she started walking .
And it 's done that very cool , typical of children 's children , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at it .
She really loves her reflection .
<unk> and <unk> , and it gives itself those big kisses and wet .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it , and he made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be happy with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused because , although his mom says all the time she 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says it 's ugly .
Among what his mom says , and what his friends , or colleagues at school say , does n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of it , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks others to leave a comment , `` I 'm nice or ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , that you do n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these answers in one of the stages of their life more vulnerable .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenagers trying to communicate this way .
But what is it bringing them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , saying , `` I like , '' by talking , sharing , publishing this , publishing it .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , very young people .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his bedroom every night . ''
There 's no privacy .
And the social pressure that they go from the hand with that are inadequate .
So this environment , of being always connected , is getting away from our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no divide between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real , or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what 's digitally manipulated .
What is the most prominent thing in somebody 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
It 's about size .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people looks like .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superhero stars in sports , and singers out .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we surely want our children to grow healthy , and they 're <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six in 10 little girls would rather do something because they think they do n't look nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as a taxpayer to the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the class class , and they 're going to participate in the classroom , because they do n't want to call attention for their physical aspect .
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note on the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , for sure it 's okay , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on his body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Young teenagers do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participate in more diet that can lead to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily mediated by the people around them , and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about this because they take more far-fetched decisions , such as alcohol consumption and drugs , diet , static surgery , static , sexual relations , early ages and without protection and damage .
The search of the body 's perfect is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they are overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates .
17 percent of women are n't present to a job interview on a day that they do n't feel safe in the way they see .
Think about what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be like ?
You know , let 's make this potential of interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , for itself , it does n't take you too far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very amazed when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing it , make it worse .
So , we need to make sure that the program that we follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas , the first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways these are crucial points for anyone willing to get an education in body self-esteem than work .
One education is fundamental , but we deal with this problem requires each of us to take the seat in the issue and let 's be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
They challenging the current status of such as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with our politicians in skin cuts or the size of their breasts , or that determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people for what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and feedback that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , like governments and as businesses , to change our culture , so that our children will grow all their person to value individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are really making the difference on a pedestal .
So let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them go out on the big screen because we 'll create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never going to be able to be who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Your wife ?
His sister ?
Her daughter ?
Your niece ? My friend ?
It could be just the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if they liberated that voice liberated in his insides , who haunts me for not having long legs , thighs , a <unk> belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for it if we were doing this , and would we make it release their potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us all over .
But let 's get our children to the truth .
So , let me think that the way you see is just one part of your identity , and the truth is that we love them for who they are and so they do , and because they make us feel .
<unk> self-esteem on the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and compare other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the little <unk> of a year old time , they become agents of safe change themselves .
Let 's do it .
On November five of November 1990 , a guy named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi abducted <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> .
At the beginning of initially , they were initially innocent , but being a prisoner for other charges , in the company of others , started to plan attacks about 12 of New York cones , including tunnels , synagogue and the United Nations headquarters .
So luckily , those plans were taken away by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center could not stop .
Later , he would be convicted of his participation at that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mom , elementary school teacher , the two made all possible for giving me a happy child .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , including most Muslims , come to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , they do n't need a lot to get to their own things in life .
However , in religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who were getting so excited to their convictions that think they need to use all the possible media so that everyone else lived as well as them .
A few months before he was arrest with me and explained that in the last week of week , he and some friends , they had been going to be going to run in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> shot , which , without knowing our group , was monitoring by the FBI .
When he played me throwing , my father helped me holding the rifle on the shoulder and explained how to point to the goal at about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that exploded I gave up the little orange light on the goal and , to surprise , especially of me , the whole goal broke out on flames .
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a parent , such a son .
At all , the comment had a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
They saw me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> , they would be charged with 700 kilos of explosives in the north tower in the north tower in the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt other 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I was beginning to feel comfortable about somebody 's time to pack and leave another city .
So , as I was the new face of the class often was the <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , quiet and chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time it was going on at home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say it gently , because of <unk> , was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised by encouraging people to judge people , based on arbitrary KPIs , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that were tested on my mindset , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program in which I participated in the National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group went into the subject of juvenile violence , and as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I was feeling a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys that we had made friendship , I was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light this detail , and I realized there was n't anything between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had ever made me believe it was <unk> .
Another seminal moment came out when I got a summer job in Bush alone , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures -- that experience turned out to the development of my character .
The whole life had taught me that <unk> was a sin and by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
By accident , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I was able to see that several of them were the kinder and fewer critics I 'd ever seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I 'd want to be treated .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's about being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me become honest about my <unk> , and helped me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many forms , he became my mathematical shape at a moment where I was desperately pleased .
Sometimes , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way to think , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with a tired eyes of somebody who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I try to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's easy .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , someday , who 's going to be able to bring to violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , which although I was encouraged to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan of a fan .
Conversely , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
The victims of terrorism is speaking , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I put myself here as proof that violence is not inherent at any religion or race , that the children do n't have to follow their parents ' roads .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thanks very much . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that 's projects in your minds .
It 's an incredible idea .
It 's in 3D and it has <unk> sound that you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It 's emotion and anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as moments of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the film is you who experiences everything in live .
This film is your flow of conscience , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
<unk> is one of the fundamental truths to be human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing you know more directly .
At least , I know I have a sense of consciousness .
I do n't know that you are conscious .
<unk> is also the reason to live .
If you 're not aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 've got to produce the results without making an inner film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
conscience , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we 've got that vision .
The psychology was studying cognitive behavior , neuroscience is studying the objectively brain , but never no one I mentioned .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` So now is the moment for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a budding of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic job that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain , and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the simple problems .
No offense .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
So it does n't address the central mystery of this matter : Why do all the physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's take a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomena like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emergent behaviors , how they operate traffic , how they work hurricanes , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , and metabolizing , they 're all questions about how they work .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it all accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the rise , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have much to say .
I 'm a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> to work . For a long time , I was beating my head on the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms .
But finally , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to be stuck at this point .
We 've got a network of wonderful explanations , great explanations . We get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology is explaining a part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this framework .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
For other , we do n't know how to put that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our vision of the world , but we do n't know how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , and I think we need to need ideas that at the beginning , crazy to be able to deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there 's no such a hard problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's how everything needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist awareness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think may be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental building blocks : space , time and mass .
We have fundamental laws that govern , like gravity laws or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't tell us in terms of anything more basic .
Instead , it 's considered very fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental <unk> is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell found that you ca n't explain the electric phenomena in terms of the fundamental fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton laws , and so we applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for a matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural thing would be allowed to pay itself as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens up the path to scientifically manage it .
So what we need to study is study fundamental laws that govern consciousness , laws that are connected to awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes tell us that we want fundamental laws that we could execute it on a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can execute it on a shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
So this vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , '' by all , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are intelligent or think .
Not that a photon can be full of anguish when he thinks , `` Oh , I always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , not .
But thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did anyone think something so crazy ?
In part of this , it comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for people of different cultures , where the human mind looks more continuum with nature .
One deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and most powerful , powerful laws of finding fundamental laws than <unk> thinking with the physical process , is to be able to get awareness with information .
whenever there are information processing , there 's awareness .
It 's a complex <unk> , as a human being , a complex awareness .
<unk> of simple information , simple awareness .
Something very exciting is that in the early years a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it with mathematical methods .
It has an mathematical measure of integration of information , which is called <unk> , which measures the data of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of integration of information , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle degree of integration of information , just as significant as it 's quite significant , a pretty important awareness of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of integration information is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a level of different awareness .
In fact , there 's a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying .
As a explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the fire come out of the equations ? ''
From the vision of the view , the physical equations can be left as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is what makes it fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there in the middle .
So this vision , I think , vision vision , has the potential to identify our relationship with nature , and it can have social and pretty serious ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical and ethical implications .
Some may be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had to eat , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think that to think about it , this tends to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral question , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it aware ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated , integrated information , so the answer is , yes .
If this is right , they have a pretty serious ethical problem about ethics of intelligent computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for the conscience of whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , and right now , we have a TED conscience , an inner film for this whole bunch of TED , different from the inner movies of each parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least is a question that 's going to be serious .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea that consciousness is fundamental , that the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of challenges , many challenges , like those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right way towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , it 's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think finally , we 'll finally discover it .
Understanding is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , and I was stuck with my friends , I was stuck with my sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to give him a prize for a community .
And my parents said , `` Okay , that 's very nice , but there is a clear problem .
She 's actually not done nothing . '' And he was right .
I went to school , had good notes . After the school , I had a low profile in my mother 's <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing to be considered as an accomplishment , if we take disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in Melbourne , so only only after about 20 minutes at the middle 11 minutes , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when to give you your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What do you talk ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law of defamation for about 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your long-term discourse .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Typically , in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized : This child had had experiences with people with disabilities as things of inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , that is , that 's true for a lot of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , which I 'm doing in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Okay , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid we 've been afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they have been lied to disability .
Yes , you 've sold the lie that disability is a little bit bad , cap , M capital .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't do fantastic .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
It 's possible that you 've seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one , `` Your excuses is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
It may be that you 've seen one , from the child without the hands , drawing with a pencil held by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs on carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because we had a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we would have been disabled to the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad life to be my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that they 've been trying to figure out that you think I am brave or an inspiration source , and this was happening before my job had a public profile .
It was like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attributed to people with the benefit of people without disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put their worries in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
Let 's take some things out .
But the things that we 're not the things that you can think about .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` human people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to become a social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
I need the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to make the best of your capacity as well as you do it , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to figure out how we do it , when you share those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they 've sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking about .
I 'm here for the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't you more often inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Now , I 'm talking about other people with disability at all times .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more fortunate than them .
Now , I think it 's a very cool idea to use some barbecue band to pick up the things that fall down , and I try the ingenious trick of how to charge battery battery battery battery battery battery battery .
Great .
We learn about force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnosis , but against a world that we have to do .
I really think that that lie that you 've sold us about disability is the most injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a piece of stairs has not ever done to become a ramp .
Never . It 's going to be a television screen wo n't make the subtitles for deaf people .
Neither a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dispersed a positive attitude to turn all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live in where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not seen from anything to be in a seat .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that let us go through the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where the genuine achievement of people with disability , and I want to live in a world where a child of the 11 grade in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but questioning what you think about what you think about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional soccer , with empathy ?
And what is the average rate of a swallow without load ?
Unfortunately , today just answer to one of those questions , so , please do n't get away .
When people think in augmented reality , they think about `` Minority Report '' and in Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for that , and people need to know , because reality reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I wear : The Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what 's being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's run by the game of play at an hour , your blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a 360 pounds of <unk> , trying to get it out of it .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
So let 's put some videos to show you what 's using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images from the NFL practices , because the NFL idea of the emerging technology is a sub going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's awful to be <unk> .
A moment . It 's a little bit .
Ready ?
Come on .
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is being seen in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> : mice 54 ! 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue <unk> ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , being their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field zone .
or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get out of it , how do we take it to the next level ?
We take it on that level using something called an Rift <unk> , which surely many people know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the device of virtual reality ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to follow ! No !
Oh my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life .
What 's a fan of a fan when you put a fan from Adrian <unk> crossing the line , throwing them out of a <unk> with the arm before they run and do a notation ? What will be the experience of a fan fan fan .
When I 'm going to be able to go through the court , launching the ball on the bottom of the network ? Or do you try to make a stick step ethically ?
What 's their experience when it goes down from a mountain over 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe you 've got the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve the augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , you know , augmented reality , when the coaches and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the severity of Baltimore gave up a <unk> to her field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put on the helmets of the fields of countryside and after the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player going back to their group , and you see your next one , you see in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you wear . You 're not going to have to worry about forgetting a little bit .
or to memorizing strategy .
They just go out the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose parties .
If you lose parties , you 'd become a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy handbook .
Augmented reality is also a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How do you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down .
You also get information from the helmets and <unk> sensors , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This would lead to the good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to stop being just for nerds .
It will be also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of field .
It 's going to go through the ball and get it out .
You 've got an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> . Normally , it does n't really , but the <unk> system will be <unk> .
It 's going to be the protection area .
Another flashlight you would tell you that there 's an open receiver .
<unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receptor sees in the bombsight , one area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
This is approaching , it catches the ball , runs and puts it .
The audience is crazy and fans have followed them from every angle .
This is something to create massive emotion in the party .
I 'll do lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality is being part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it only as bread and circus as usual ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality for the empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , be somewhere else 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for them .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how they live being manipulated ?
How much is it worth for a Hadfield Hadfield or a Neil <unk> Tyson , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country on the southern tip of <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , we 've known the world for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural journey .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , leading boss to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is almost a test of suicide .
<unk> from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from his openness , over 1,600 people have jumped into death from the bridge .
Some of them think it 's going to travel between the two towers to take to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as such , such that the decline of it releases all your worries and pain , and the waters that go under <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used for suicide .
After one free of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of the <unk> organs .
Most of us die in the impact .
The ones that are not , normally in the water , and they drown then drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to take this suicide approach to realize that they 're going to be seen .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people were before they take away life .
I can tell you for experience that once you 're on that edge , and in the darkest moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman was talking to a official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had successful that day on bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service of those who <unk> suicide , but the officials too .
We 've got a long journey since then .
Today , officials are trained to train new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him from July 's 22nd last year when they get a call from a possible subject suicide sitting on the fence near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I watched Jason talking to an officer of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and he had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , we asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could do more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From her , they came out pests , sorrows and all sorts of ills against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few <unk> , leaned on on the right , and it was .
This kind and intelligent guy in New Jersey had just removed life .
I talked to parents from Jason that night , and I suppose when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing right , because the next day , the rabbi 's rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The side damage of suicide is affected by a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved was suicide ?
What would you say ?
<unk> what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to talk , but you need to listen .
Listening to understand .
<unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other in similar circumstances have ever thought about finishing your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of the person can save your life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs to look out : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to be better ; they 're going to believe , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk about just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on January 19 of January this year , and he wrote this email ago just a couple of days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that it should be going to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends , so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but to realize more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving to <unk> San Francisco to see the party of 49 with his father on the 19 of January .
He never got there .
I called the police ' police and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and they reported that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
I had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> afternoon .
Thanks so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before it did n't have a real mental illness ?
It should not be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day , and the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a guy who I 'm talking about hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call by a single subject suicide on the sidewalk sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my motorcycle on the sidewalk and watched this guy , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crosses the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and a half a half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided for his account to come back on that lane and give him another opportunity .
And when Kevin comes back , it was <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked her , `` What was he made back and gave the hope of hope and another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You heard me .
I 'd stopped talking and just heard . ''
Little after that incident , I got a letter from Kevin 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it out .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the 9/11 event , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is going on with us .
<unk> , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly correctly .
She brought Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious of all of those traits , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I went to the General Hospital General that night , you 're going to be <unk> as the patient .
`` Oh , I have to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a active member of society .
He talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , stealing the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people suicide , or those who consider suicide , you would n't think you will hurt another person .
They just want their own pain .
Typically , this is actually achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a guy who talked about about an hour .
During that time , I was holding my hand in three times .
On the final hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that most of the people that we get to contact on that bridge do n't commit suicide .
Also , those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one or two or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they had made a mistake and wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that every one of us should be used to do .
<unk> can prevent .
There is help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you are , and you know what you are , and a question asks you , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that finally I had achieved the dream I 'd had since .
My outer , finally <unk> with my truth , with me inside .
<unk> for reasons , which I 'm going to be over later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you got it , you got it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that , I 'm just beginning .
We 're all aware of our families , our religion , our society , our society , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always challenge the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , I ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called this puzzle .
This is mine .
I had a kid at birth to be born because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always had this shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
The gender has always regarded a unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because , because of my success , I was never going to be able to share my story , not because I thought to be what I am bad , but how the world is about those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , Dad and a family who gets me .
Many are not so fortunate .
There is a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , the goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman showed up in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night , she asked me , `` Why do n't you ever have any of the beauty competition ? ''
He said to me that if she was going to be used for her spending fees .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people say that their first job was queen of beauty of transgender women , but I know .
I also met the homeless god , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , he called me and told me that approved my request from the green card that I could go to the United States .
I had resisted .
I told my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know what if you heard the United States , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also came up with me when I was stuck in Thailand at 19 years old .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand to do the <unk> surgeries , sophisticated sophisticated surgery .
In that time in the United States , it was necessary to be surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it 's license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think about this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who she was living alive , but that , <unk> , put her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All the 20th of November we make a global vigil by the Day Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood up with injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others to live their truth without shame , and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday there 's no longer than 20 of November .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . KT Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure .
To my support network , my parents particularly , my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've ever been to trans young people , which I 've met , and sometimes , when they called me and told me their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is to put on the table , the theme that sometimes that quote does not block , and there should be a space that allowed people to be allowed , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many , patriarchal and tribal societies , parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for his daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when he got into his efforts in 2011 , by <unk> the National Prize for peace , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the story of women is the history of injustice , inequality , violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when you were born a girl , his birth is not celebrates .
Not for his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood is coming , day , gave her mother 's mother and no one of the father .
And a mother gets bored for a lot of a child .
When I first day light to the first girl , the first daughter , gets sad .
When I first day light to the second daughter , he went away , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only mother suffers , but the daughter were born . The daughter newborn , when it grows , suffers too .
At the age of five years , when I should go to school , it gets left at home and the admits of your siblings .
Up until age 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move on the streets like a butterfly .
But when you go into the teenage time , when it 's 13 years old , he 's given to protect him out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and her brothers and his family and her family , and if I had the code of that honor , I could even kill it .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only the life of a girl , also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of her sisters in behalf of honor .
And there 's one more rule of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl should be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepts their father 's decisions and their mother and the elderly decisions , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If you marry a young woman , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet , `` Please , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , he was able to <unk> the same lesson from compliance to his daughter and the same lesson for honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when he was there and looked at me really honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated fascinated with a legendary feisty of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked up , they all were men , and I caught my pen , and I put up a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half years .
You may be wondering , why should I tell you a little girl in a school ?
Yeah , I have to mention it .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for its future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you would be surprised , two weeks before , when I was going to meet the Canadian visa form , and was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember my friends ' names .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document .
That was the reason value to my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
He 'd been sitting down with me , when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to make it out in their personality .
And this was not just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've done all these good values in my school girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we find a new phenomenon .
It was deadly for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
He was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in every political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the little girls and the singers were killed .
<unk> millions , but a few of them talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and say , when you talk for their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> stood up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a daily basis for the BBC blog , he gave her for the documentaries of the New York Times , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
<unk> like a <unk> worldwide .
And that was why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign , and on October 9th of 2012 , he was shot in the head .
It was one day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , he whispered the ear to my wife , `` Should I blame him for my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And she said to me , `` Please do n't tell me .
You 've got the right cause .
You 've got your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and your daughter was inspired by you and join you .
Both of them were on the right way and God to protect . ''
So these few words I would spend a lot for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital and he had severe headaches and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was crushed by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
It used to tell us , `` I 'm fine with my smile , I 'm going to be on my face on my face .
I 'm going to be right . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we would get away .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult times , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , is like any girl 16-year-old girl .
He 's crying when he 's not just his task .
He was fighting with her siblings , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What 's a special thing in my mentoring that has made so bold to be so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
<unk> what I did n't .
I did n't cut their wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , science science has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently , I 've been joined by the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> , where I 've had a tour of Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm going to talk about today about science science , I did before I join Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you still being just like intelligent or not ?
Do n't you be able to get intelligent ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was not the gray matter , but it was the dead part of the <unk> , which creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
And immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did nothing , he would die in few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix mix , and try to get it , to follow life .
More than once I have saved me for little .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience to try to get the <unk> dose , because there really does n't really exist a map that does n't really exist .
I started to test with different , and I was amazed by looking at how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried doses and chemicals for a 20 year-old man , and I was amazed when I looked at my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person around the world , and ... of course , many times in the past , I 've met several different types like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as far .
But my big surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant .
In fact , it was trying to , a little insecure , fix a problem that I had in front of , and it just did n't happen like that .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men 's men and what they have to go through .
So what I was trying to do , and that 's where those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to restore my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I usually think about the images , and that became my key reference point : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes look at things similar .
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
So today , there are who we need to challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental for thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the right thing , and I have already lots of great <unk> <unk> , really <unk> , well sophisticated sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how well these mental images do well , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you figure out what if a filmmaker would be able to use your imagination just to drive the world that has in front of the world ?
Or if a musician could extract music from your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like how creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
So let me show you why I think we 're quite close to reaching this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups , leading to neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , image by functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see brain scan conducted by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of one person who looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual as it was imagined , watching that same picture .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between watching an image and imagine looking at that same image .
Now , let me tell you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They were able to turn the brainwaves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they 'd run up their brains to create a large array of reactions in the brain in video sequences .
Then , I showed you a movie with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as they had a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information to use it to show you what it looked like that the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the computer inputs , and on the left , the video you showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're right about that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you believed in the brain the same mapping .
This was conducted with systems in brain scanning systems available today , and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now , now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer me for that .
Many are proposing new techniques of projection by images , including me . So , with the recent result of MRI , first we need to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the path ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> are only offering small improvements in the resolution , not raises by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : rather than magnets bigger , let us make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in <unk> and brilliant and brilliant and creative solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receivers of FM radio in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a foreign magnetic field , we use magnetic patterns to the FM radio frequencies .
So , by combining magnetic patterns with patterns of FM radio frequencies , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
In using fMRI , we should be able to be able to measure not just the blood blood fluid , but the hormones that I 've mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas into direct media .
Can you imagine if we could pass over language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this tool could lead to cure disease and similar diseases .
We have few choices more than opening up this door .
So anyway , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to take much more .
We have to learn how to do this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not just a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
His closet may be telling any person for the first time that loves or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you 've ever made it through life .
All of course , it 's a hard conversation , and even though our themes can vary tremendously , the experience I 've experienced and have come out of that closet , is something universal .
Particularly fear , and we do n't like it , and it should happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side of <unk> <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't enact my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> Di Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be pending on my short haircut , and I had my mind done little , I asked me , `` Hey , are you a little boy or girl ? ''
And there was a uncomfortable silence at the table .
<unk> my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a little anger .
The father had <unk> the newspaper and the mother took a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say nothing , and we 'll put it inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
I would n't have that hard conversation .
So after a couple of weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a guy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time was prepared , and I was about to come up with the women 's issues on the table , and Betty <unk> quotes .
On Gloria Steinem 's quotes .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' I showed .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down the look and my back a seven-year-old girl with a rose dress , staring at what 's not a challenge for a feminist clash , just a girl with a question , `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , and I got a lot closer to it , and I said , `` Listen , I know this is a little bit confusing .
I have the short hair like one of a boy , and I saw clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a rose dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
Well , I 'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , and you pay attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Ah , hey you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the hard conversation than ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both of us were honest with the other .
So , as a lot of us , I 've lived in some clients in my life , and I know , often my walls used to be a rainbows .
But in the dark , you ca n't know what color are walls .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
You know , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet , it was more difficult than coming out of your own , but this is the question : hard it 's not relative .
<unk> is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who 's declared in broken banking is harder than telling you it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is harder than telling your five-year-old son who are going to be divorced ?
There 's no more difficult one , there 's just the hard thing .
So we need to stop to select what 's hard about what is difficult to do for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in arguments , and they may be able to feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a <unk> shoe .
It was not militant lesbian ready to fight any four-year-olds that would go into coffee .
He was frozen in the fear of the corner of my dark closet , I was going to be my gay grenade , and moving only a muscle is the most terrifying I ever ever done .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be disappointed , and now the world turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so much , but if you do n't toss that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable launch launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew it was gay , and when I was doing my wife 's job , in my black dress and heels . He walked around the tables , and finally , I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were friends from my parents , people who were known to me .
And after speaking , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of gay story had started .
`` Did you ever be in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know how to get my baseline ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will Grace program ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but I was waiting for desperately to show her support , to get me to know that he was on my side , finally said to shape , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , like all the Scud launchers .
You might have been easy to indicate where they felt like <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do they work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
That 's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point .
Ask anyone that I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to come out of any box is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Take the armor . Be you .
That girl in coffee had no armor , but I was ready for battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be right . It 's just <unk> .
If you know that they are gay , you 'll get it out .
If they say their parents that might perhaps be gay , they would maintain the hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most important ... Let 's let the complex .
You communicate your truth .
That 's never going to be supported by that .
And some of them can come out safe , you know , <unk> for what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And I know , maybe some of you will be disappointed , but that something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is what you want to write .
So next time you find out in a dark closet , you have a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think is so interesting as the question of whether a sub can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this made as a critique of the computer scientists like Alan Turing like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the underlying physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about Earth 's biology or the Earth 's Earth or intelligence on Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see it 's incredibly long , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , you 'd be compelled to develop a physical theory that explained how , right , at a certain time , the asteroids that would explain the surface of a planet mysteriously removed from doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I looked at a variety of themes through science , through various disciplines , which pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be shaped by development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we need to create the diversity of future universal states .
Finally , in the robotic motion , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to exploit the robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different themes and put them together , asked , for several years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E = <unk> for intelligence I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping choices open , with a force to T , with the diversity of possible future future , S , until an impending time , eventually .
In few words , intelligence does n't like it 's stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices .
And so having in mind this equation is natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Would you forget the level of human intelligence ?
Do we have artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the striking applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' for their life should be tendency to be more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological link is between entropy and intelligence , which is a deeper relationship ?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with production in long-term entropy , but actually it arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the long term in any system that you find inside .
<unk> , <unk> could spend multiple tests of animal intelligence , to play games of humans , and even make money by making actions , all of that without it .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling up , here we see <unk> balancing automatically , a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it a goal .
He just decided to be able to balance the post .
This ability of balance is going to have applications for robotic robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals , they can cooperate throwing away from opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can perform a version of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see this successfully playing a game of a game against a game of a game against itself , including its potential for play .
So here we look at it . orchestrate new connections into a social network where the friends are constantly constantly and keeps the network well connected .
This same grid capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of boats , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally , from the Atlantic to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in defense problems , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discover and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a whole host of negotiations of actions , successfully by increasing assets under their exponentially .
This risk of risk management will be vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors like the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derived from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So back to the beginning of the term of the term , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you were intelligent machines , there would be an cyber rebellion .
Machines get up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
Not that machines get intelligent , and then they 'll try and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all future possible world is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
I often ask me , `` How do we seek goals from this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go through the offspring to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them build human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a tipping point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars , which is pointing to Earth is only one of the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of the stars when the planets go through in front of them , and they put a little bit of that light that gets us .
The data picked up by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
So , together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this trove of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The 2014 year was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now , they 're disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused in global scale , have rapidly shifted our ability to disrupt its course .
But I 'm not a scientist in the weather , no astronomer .
I study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could tell you that I 'm looking for aliens in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I 'm going to tell you that the more planets on Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites up a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know best : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> and despite being a little bit more away from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' is tracking their surface in search of the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the mission of the mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Companies are now offering not only short space flights , but also the ability to live on Mars .
But even though all of these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked into our imagination with <unk> ideas and <unk> , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty awful place to live .
Take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places that we 've got in comparison with Mars .
Even in the most dry places of the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen <unk> by our tropical forests from thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this enthusiasm for the colonization of Mars and other planets can be able to get a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some of us that Mars would expect there to save us out of this prerequisite in the single planet that we know that it 's really habitable , Earth .
For a lot that I like exploration exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is as to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will be more late in the lives of life . Thank you .
But the goals for exploration exploration and conservation is not oriented .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
<unk> environments in our world look like aliens .
They just find closer home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile areas of land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
Let me leave you with a mental experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi , economists asked Fermi , realizing that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Okay , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced advanced advanced to consider to be living in between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that we 're going to have this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only changes we have to save us from ourselves , but the planet preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks task on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'd run my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window who were on the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cellphone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a lot of time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's friend at night , because I had a early flight of Europe in the next morning , and <unk> from my passport and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but I 'm sure that 's not more expensive than a half at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing right standing there .
I 'm a neuroscientist neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that 's increasing your heart rate , you get your adrenaline levels of adrenaline .
And when I got to the racing counter at the airport , I realized I had no passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could be able to put it in place , which can prevent the bad things happen .
Or at least , if you happen , bad things happen , that you 'll be able to make it a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later my thoughts did n't stop .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed he talked about I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called <unk> <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about this a few years earlier , known as <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a mess , a team of experts come up and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , as Danny , you look forward and trying to figure out all the things that you might go wrong , next , trying to figure out what can do to stop the things happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things we can do in the shape of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , we 've got a place for things that are lost easily .
This sounds common , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make a track of the location of important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , that 's where the fish are , where the tribes live friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will be taken away from London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you wonder if somebody actually did the experiment , they cut the sense out of the squirrels , and they could still find their nuts .
They were not using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys , reading goggles and passports .
So in the house , you put a place for the keys , a hook to the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading book , a particular table .
If you take a place , and they 're <unk> with that your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take on your cellphone on your credit cards , license license , <unk> , <unk> by mail themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , it can facilitate it .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , the brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is recognizing that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we all will be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And that 's why I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision you need to take on that they would benefit from the rational assessment of facts .
So let 's say you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about it , and you know it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . Even you 're likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that 's supposed to be asked that most physicians do n't want to speak , and the drug companies even .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or having a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you should think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number needs to be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if not to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's guilt of someone , it 's scientists like me .
We 've never understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only from 30 to 50 percent of people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This is according to researchers ' research , cynical Jerome Projects and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I 'm going to explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they would stop a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now maybe you think , `` Well , one chance on 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Do you get the recipe down anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics , and it 's , `` You know ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle pain and articulate pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , under stress , you do n't think clearly .
So think how we do this over time , so they do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed from the drug that helps you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , is part of the beginning of consent .
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in air for the value of the crash , but actually this number you need to treat is pretty typical .
For the surgery that gets more done in the older men in 50 , prostate prostate cancer , the number needs to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include anger or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , torture fecal away , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of that 50 percent of the effects one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about time before the questions that you can argue to you about the conversation forward .
You do n't have why to make this whole thing in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because it 's got a choice many times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could be much longer than the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change it in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Now remember , our brain releases low stress , and one of the things that happens at that time is that they turn off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism on those things , it wo n't react fast . They might be going to be the lunch lunch , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to this kind of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all breeding .
We 're all going to fail in the time .
The idea is to think about the future , how they might be those failure , to put systems in the place that will help to minimize the harm , or to prevent the bad things on the first place .
<unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a combination of combination next to the door , with a key door to the door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of messages from mail I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a incremental process , and I 'm achieving it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` Sleep , '' is my favorite music symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two . ' <unk> , even more soft .
Four . ' <unk> , <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> ' tree , and it looks at that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of hands may be , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own history .
The French sign language came over the 1800s , and over the time , he mixed up with local signs , and it was developed the language that we have today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're actually in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following the rules , customs , behaviors and <unk> rules .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
Now , I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't you fix the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise as you eat the bag of chips . ''
`` Do n't <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch in the dish . ''
All of this I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person makes it .
I 'm <unk> of sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for nervousness the sound , which is coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see it does n't have notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , to do it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings only have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that 's my attention .
There was no visual art , everything was auditory .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to be more of art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experienced through your ears .
I can feel it in touch , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and get it out .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a little listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose to <unk> me .
There 's a massive culture around the language of language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me just like equal and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with lots of different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value like that as a loan to a very high interest rate .
If I would not keep in this practice , I 'm feeling that I might be able to do it in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was amazed by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same thing is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very space and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning of signals as well as sounds .
I 'd like to tell you a metaphor for the piano , so you understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> divide in many different kinds of parameters .
If you add a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano , like facial expression , the movement movement , the speed of the body , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so , while you play the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're just dumped at it .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea .
If just one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
That 's the same thing with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can tell different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> .
Oh , I 'm <unk> .
Uh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah !
So I started thinking , and if I look at it through the glasses of music ?
If I had to create a sign , and you 'll put it over and over and over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' , the sun comes out and puts .
This is all the day .
If you go through it , and you slow down the speed , visual looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing as `` overnight . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third one has more likely than the other two .
This represents how time is expressed time in <unk> and how the distance to the body can express change in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` A long time ago . ''
Then , `` Come on . '' `` <unk> , '' and the last one that 's my favorite , with a very romantic idea , and dramatic at once , `` Once once . ''
`` Time for common '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I look at the word `` common time , '' I think automatically at the same time .
See <unk> : right hand , E : hand .
We 've got it through the head and the chest .
( Face : <unk> , a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
All of my hands in high hands .
Now we 're going to do so much in your head like your chest , something like common time , or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every cultures and the language language around the world .
The second one that I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization . ''
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
Let 's do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job all .
So watch how three signs are very similar . Everyone 's going on the head and your chest , but they spend very different meanings .
It 's incredible to see how the <unk> is alive and wealthy , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because it does n't have sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We 've got to begin to question what defines social value and allowing them to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that they do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , not to hear about learning to learn music .
<unk> is a nice treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were telling me , `` You can get it all , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination took all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a ignorance bubble , I have to say , because adults were lied to protect us from the awful truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults too <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning others .
Time , now I 'm an adult , and I teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk on the beach , with lots of garbage .
So , as good citizens , clean the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't .
It 's sad to say , but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And over the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to gather those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope , and we classify them up and put this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with six to 15 , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started to build this <unk> labor table so that kids are very reluctant to be able to participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I leave it to my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure out something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get really excited with the robots .
And then we 've done quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch .
And we transformed light bulbs and websites on accessories , and we assemble it into a floating robot that moves slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture we captured the robot .
We see the plastic pieces floating around through the sensor , while the computer on board process process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an estimate of how much plastic in the water .
You know , let this step step back on a website for inventors called `` Machine , '' with the hope that somebody gets even more .
The cool thing on this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 'd come up with this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up a oil spill , just using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were really amazed because this is the water that you drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where they are .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also brown , and when they all mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So , we built a very first prototype of a kit that can light through all sorts of substances that produce different spectra , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
And we had this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help how to help other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe I 'm going to address a harder problem , and also closest to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed the cities on the East Coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station near the water .
And today , according to the reports on a 300 metric tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the whole Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west East , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in a way that 's independent with other scientists , the land , the river , and we wanted to take children .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents did n't let it .
But every night we informed the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the rest of their life .
Along with them , we discussed the data , and we talked about what we 're going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a map of <unk> <unk> in the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the map of elevation , we introduced pigments to render real-time data from radioactivity , and contaminated water in order to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust is filtering from the summit of the mountain towards the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to the date .
We zoom up to a mile from the nuclear power , and with fishermen 's fishermen in the area , we were collecting sediments of the sea bed with a tracker device as we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the harm we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit tiny , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little biology , optical , basically , can be built almost around there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : <unk> ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in our advanced population , transforming their standard wheelchair in new new vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect kids from the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people , and so I can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposing design .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of a single silk thread .
One is synthetic , the other organic .
One is on the environment , the other one is believed .
One is designed by nature , the other for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fight for being free .
<unk> was just a tool of Michelangelo .
But the living things are not going up .
They grow up .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we 've got all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by deliberate manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world in the world , including the imagination of designers and mental architects to think about their objects like <unk> parts with different parts .
But you do n't find very smooth material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skin skins are thicker with little pores .
One acts mainly as filters , the other mainly as the barrier , and yet , it 's the same skin : there 's no parts there .
It 's a system that shapes its functionality through variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my vision of the world divided , double personality of every designer and architect to work right now between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows on the two screens behind me .
My job , in their simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why ?
Why was it not possible this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines that offer designers to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know , know the minds and my hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools through scales , big scale , like this robotic arm , like this robotic arm with a half meters in diameter that someday not very far away from full buildings , and graphic graphics made out of genetically modified microorganisms .
So here we have <unk> the clustering , an archetype of the former Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every aperture is only about size to shape the shape of light and heat through him .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> -- it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt , no seams between the cells , and I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combines stiff , soft materials at the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a CT scanner .
That designers have access to this very high resolution , and the synthetic instruments , allowing them to design products that are governed by not only our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair in the structural and structural chair , and also it absorbs sound .
The teacher Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to be inspired , and when we design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
You 've got this surface of 44 different properties , which vary on rigidity , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , shapes its functionality , not by the addition of other material or another assembly , but continually <unk> and delicately property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a Jewish Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left and got a lot of what me care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God calls the Earth grow a fruit tree . ''
For that first tree tree , there was no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world in fact .
I often wonder , `` What would the design would be if the objects were done from one piece ?
Do you take a better state of creation ?
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material in the tree tree .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons produced by organisms as shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We do a lot of amino acids , the <unk> and produced <unk> <unk> .
We 're able to have chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , there was built a system with multiple nozzles of controlled systems .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the way , and create these structures made from a single piece of material , 100 , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you let them dry them to find a natural way in contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet about a billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we had genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition into no mesh of mesh of mesh , and if it extends even longer , to windows .
A fruit tree of fruit .
To work with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made out of amino shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for biodegrade objects , in the sea , <unk> marine life , and put on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The fit for our next design using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow .
Just like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , fabricated in additive form .
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just that instead of precious metals , it 's broadly broadly synthesizing new biological canals .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 've got our own 3D canals to control the flow of these liquids bacterial crop .
In our first piece of clothes , it combined two microorganisms .
The first one is <unk> .
He lives in our oceans and the water bottles .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One makes light in sugar , the other use sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help that flow of these bacteria , and that they would take their function on it .
So , we started to grow up the canals in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material according to functionality else .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they were more transparent canals .
This wearable digestive system , when they stretch from one end to another , 60 meters away .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our thin intestine .
And here it is , as you 're going to be at TED , our first wearable dividend , brilliant liquids channels in the clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are <unk> creatures , only half it is made . ''
What if design would would be the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living stuff ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we 've got to make our skin , would we have damaged tissue and pull our bodies ?
Think about this as a way of edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to come back to nature .
For now , you know that a 3D printer printed material into layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do that .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of the wormhole , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home home within which it 's going on .
<unk> manufacturing about this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first becomes in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to meet a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , is being supported by one material .
With the end of a better understanding of how this process works , we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the line .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualizing the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , by putting the silk worm on a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that it 's a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
You often have seen the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk breaks down and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk , and we put it on our site .
We knew that silk worms would go into more dark and darkest areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So , we 've created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , to transform the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We do <unk> silk silk to a online silk farm .
And after I feed four weeks , they were prepared to get up with us .
We put them very carefully on the bottom of scaffolding , and while <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much more short .
Buckminster Fuller said that the tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By cutting biological silk to biological silk silk , they give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , it gives up silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 dimensions of the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
<unk> silk by a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the final frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions in the world .
It brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here it is to a new design age , a new era of creation , which takes us from a inspired design in nature to a nature of nature inspired by a nature of design , which demands us for the first time , that we do control of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever wondered , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
You can do it with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
They 've caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too much .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art and design websites , besides , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to be familiar with something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to be stuck on it , and I 'm going to let me absorb and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my thing , '' and then again this point where I begin to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to dive into that .
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a race .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all my other passions , and we were going to be able to <unk> .
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something bad about this , and something wrong with me for nothing .
I was afraid to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story , and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you then .
Ask yourself , where do you have to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where you 've learned that , it 's learned from culture .
And we asked us first , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
We have about five years old .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in children like , `` To be astronaut '' or `` being an dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I was going to be able to give you the Halloween suit here .
So this question gets us over and over and over again , as you grow up in different ways , it 's going to be <unk> , to the high school students , asked them to pick up college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
It happens to be the nice exercise before it takes away sleep .
Why ?
If I do this question for kids to dream with what they might be , it does n't inspire to dream with everything you might be .
In fact , it does just just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though adults are n't going to be relieved and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be artisan artisan and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
So this is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a artisan craftsman and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , the magazine editor converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to be in during this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and spend your life on it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What happens if there are many different themes that wake up and lots of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And feeling there 's something bad with one .
There 's nothing bad in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that to say .
It could help if it divide up in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we can use the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the middle of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's tell you any term you like or your own .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths as being this way .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed his shared interests in cartography , visualization , math and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that had an inspired jewelry .
To <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
Hence , new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at the intersection .
The second superpower superpower is fast learning .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because we 've been a lot of times in the past , and that means we 're less afraid of trying new things to try and get out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area we 're going to pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> time and an independent writer .
As a little pianist was delivered an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I become a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the fine sales sales when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a loss of time to go to what 's drawn to you , even if eventually they leave .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . That is , the ability to transform anything that 's needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , pages of web pages , sometimes a master pages , sometimes a teacher , and , sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take some different roles , depending on the needs of your customers .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , the ones that we 're actually going to thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quick learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills you could lose if they 're <unk> to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a lot of interest in being able to make them themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional now , and we need creative creative thinkers to cope with them .
Let 's say they are in your heart , specialists .
They showed up the womb knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad in you .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep down and put in practical ideas , and <unk> offers a width of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're connected to the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> in a lot of people are encouraging people to be more like their specialized partners .
And once said this , if there 's one thing you take away from this talk , I hope that it is : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , you know , all the media .
That 's where you give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those that you end up to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes , I tell you : <unk> with their many passions .
Keep his curiosity for these rabbit 's rabbit .
<unk> intersections .
You know , let our inner wiring takes us to a more authentic and happier life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year , there 's a woman named <unk> , brought it into a mental institution .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic detail of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help save them , but I would go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he did a autopsy autopsy and found strange plates and rolls it into the <unk> brain , a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If we had lived in life today , we could n't give it more aid than he gave him 41 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From biologists , the medicine has been very advanced .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> for the <unk> and much more .
But it has been made out of Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's from over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimers now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , which , by the way , to put a lot of you .
If you expect to live up to age 85 or more , the chance to get Alzheimer 's to be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the chance that they spend their years with Alzheimer 's , or helping care of a friend or being wanted to be wanted to Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs need a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the greatest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death of all over the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one you ca n't prevent or cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less than Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases , because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's cancer , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us even , scientists , treat Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it 's going to be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But just looking at a picture of a healthy brain compared to the patient 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's almost significantly significantly , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and strangers in the <unk> brain does a century .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today , we know that they are made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper it folds out as an origami .
There are places on paper .
And when it folds well , these sticky points ends up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left on the outside .
This makes protein molecules stick with each other , forming groups that can form big plates and rolls it .
That 's what we see in the patient 's brain patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and the identification of how to block is complex , as to defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that it locks , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in the most part of the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now we 're testing a new kind of drugs that ski specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our latest results .
No one out of our lab has been seen yet .
Let 's see a lot of videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the worms , and you can see it 's moving normally .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that you stick with each other , as humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly ill .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive outcome , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
And then there 's a real hope for low-income years , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But that we grow up , to defeat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to think that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have more research and investigating pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit of defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk about themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , they 're often too much fun to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs at risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , which ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I posted this article in the New York Times column in New York Times , in January this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to test it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers were crushed to get us 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you put up with another person ?
And just ?
<unk> that advances , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : This really I like -- Tell your partner what you like him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say .
When I first stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion of trying to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to be born .
However , we fall in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the column of Modern Life a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already in August , so I suppose some of you will probably ask yourself : Do you go together still ?
And the reason I think the question is because I 've done this question over and over and over over the last seven months .
And this is what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the article was published in the paper , it was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog blog can come up with a few hundred views as much , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably come up with thousands of views .
And that was a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And on Sunday , I had already called the Show Today and Good American <unk> .
In a month , the article got over eight million visits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to make trust writing with sincerity about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international history , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call or write , what they did every day for weeks , always the same question , did they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for my email from my email with the sentence , `` You still follow together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were from students and journalists and rare strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman walked up to the stage , `` Listen to where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect that people feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a seismic article for Valentine 's Day , who included the readers of readers when I study the study with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very working with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both had a public emergence together .
We had television interviews , and denied photos of photographs of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , and a range that I did n't feel at all felt like .
And I understand that people did n't want to know just if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was capable of <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and then you tell them ?
If the answer was not , I would do the experience of making these 36 interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal focus between college students , using what colors called <unk> , progressive , mutual .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt more close to doing that , and several later studies used the <unk> protocol , also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've been used by members of the police and community , and they 've used it between people of opposing policies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work on it .
He looked inwards .
And I mean , `` You want to say that you would tell you the person who did you ? ''
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I : But became better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the first time when I was 29 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I 'd had that relationship since I had 20 , which was probably all my adult life , and he was my first love true , and I had no idea how or could I live without him .
So I went through science .
And I did everything that I could find about romantic love science , and I hoped that that would be a certain way to get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized that at the moment , I thought I just did research for the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I just felt like that .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confident to demand what I look for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than that they can really demand me .
So I 'm looking for love is a warranty , not just to be loved today and loved it , but I will still be loved indefinitely because of the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asking when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about over 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some ways of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because falling makes us feel wonderfully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : still follow together ?
And their content with a S 's response or not .
So more than a question , let me propose we make more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably has a relationship ? Or even more , how do you live in the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more thoughtful conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this ; it 's a year ago , a known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love with it is not the same thing to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So in the end of my paper , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
<unk> love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit like reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice .
I did n't think we 'd have both to make that decision , and how much times I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he 's always to choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions , I want to love someone so generous , nice and fun and have expressed that choice on the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending , implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't really write .
But what I have in change is the chance of choosing to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I was like a <unk> forest .
So the city of New York does a while ago , something that really affected me but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wood box , and I had a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought there was some strange example , or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species would define ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
So anyway , it 's gracefully because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go visit and surf and all those strange things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took up all the pages , and I made a kind of <unk> met by Agnes Martin , I wrapped the resin and a bee left stuck .
Well , my mom is fear of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , what it looks like : somehow it just seemed to increase the size , as if I was going to fill the text with a magnifier .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started to draw around objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow out <unk> , draw the same as it 's done around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , botanical -- that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strangers .
It was very fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started to build exhibitions and those things , and I was earning some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , sculptures of resin , natural size with human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started to draw on the glass sheet , similar to the drawing of the window , and then in the other window , and another window , and I had all these windows together put together a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my piece of play with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by a great story in `` The <unk> ' garden '' from Hieronymus Bosch , who 's a painting on the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of their time .
Okay , the triptych . You 've got this piece .
It weighs 11 kilos .
Five meters long .
It 's got double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , he 's Jesus and grasshoppers .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with the heads of animals travel between two worlds .
They 're from the world of representation , this underworld of analog mesh where they are hiding .
So here 's where creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the beacon , lists to suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird , tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of <unk> <unk> -- the shelter from Osama Bin Laden , there are all sorts of strange things you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out .
Their hands are like <unk> and it looks like a mythological self that holds Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have a proboscis , like a bird 's summit , and spit clouds from this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail of a snake tail that binds to `` triptych . ''
But anyway , its tail turned to fire to the <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball of <unk> , 1986 , 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It takes me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material that are encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazine .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a form of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They are like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting years .
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that it 's 1.3 kilos with a human trapped inside .
This is a little cave on his chest .
That 's the head ; it 's his chest , you can put it into the entrance .
I 'm going to meet you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out from the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher of these works because I ca n't take it up for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body for half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
But anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio radio , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that 's spreading all the content in the world , and a garden .
You put the box and all the people in the inside each other as particles .
And I think that 's how to change the world .
When you ZX81 who it is and the box where it 's living .
And together we got to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start exchanging those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that pill has an effect on the pain , first passes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'll take a pill is the most effective system , and it 's going to be able to take a pill , and it 's going to be the most effective system .
The downside , though , is that it is that when any drug gets diluted .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
So , when you take antiretroviral drugs , they use them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the cell count cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get into your blood stream , they would be crushed , and worse still for the time that it takes to get to its destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the blood of the patients who are thrown into regular antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can raise and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for life .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of viruses , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for any bit imaginable , including the <unk> transport of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , that open and closed , almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people say , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> .
Today we 're testing this technology in vitro , or petri plates , but the goal is to take this technology to the human body , applying it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , that 's our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributed the drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , while the laser is used again to maintain open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yes . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've looked at groups armed armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence and study ways of encouraging people transition from violent participation to the nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and library .
Understanding to these groups is key to solve almost all conflict , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and actors non-governmental actors .
For example , with <unk> peace settlements in 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> were signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even need to engage or put them into any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how they do it , but nobody sees what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , <unk> Lebanese , known for his violent Feel against Israel .
From his creation in the 1980s , it has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , Hamas Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They are multitasking .
We 've got a complex machine of communication : radio stations , television stations , websites of Internet and strategies in social networks .
And here they have ISIS magazine , printed printed and published to recruit .
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of risk without looting , but by profitable , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and building their brand .
The armed groups also do something more : create stronger ties with their population to invest in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put in professional training programs or microfinance programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population to offering something that the state does n't deliver , security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn through the war or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can be understood also examined the efforts of these groups to deliver security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a high horsepower for the population .
But in general , social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 is not able to be able to understand the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we looked at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they do gaps in the government , and they emerge as armed and armed groups , participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated and sophisticated organizations are these organizations , so we can be able to <unk> as something else to a state .
How do we call a group like <unk> ?
<unk> part of a territory , they run all their functions , collect the garbage , they run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what 's ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from nations without hybrids and hybrids , and the weakest are states , as in the Middle East , more protesting , and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups are going to have to invest longer in military tools .
You 've got that gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and create peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we will understand better what incentive to offer to the transition of violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but will not give us peace and stability .
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum vacuum , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid I 'm afraid to accept the label of feminist , it would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm given a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had some strange ideas about feminist , these women who were angry , angry with the men and hated sex .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , particularly , looks a perfectly reasonable response .
But in that time , I was worried about the tone that was using people when I had a feminist .
It 's being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo , unpleasant word .
I was bored as a woman who does n't follow rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or higher .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I went growing up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
I 'm paying for the same paycheck for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free or violence .
We have right to use it in a easy way and affordable contraception and services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without any need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There are more .
When you talk about women 's needs , you have to have in account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to consider these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without these kinds of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I get to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' from the Yin Yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do you go wet shirt .
<unk> , let 's give it up until you get the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all household tasks , but also killing insects , the collection of garbage , the collection of grass and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazine and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that are actually made .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to take the last name of her husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice , the problem is that our society is being reinvented in a way that makes women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> , historically the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered , in favor of white women , heterosexual , middle class .
Listen , if that 's a good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I 'm a lot of pressure .
We 've got this tendency to put forged feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that <unk> perfection .
When we get away , we take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal , where we put them .
Like I said , I 'm a mess ; I already consider that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of fear that means that tag , because of fear , not to be able to accomplish with the <unk> expectations .
Take for example , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist feeding .
In <unk> Music 2014 , in MTV , ran in front of the word `` feminist , '' three feet high .
It was a magnificent show , looking at this star from pop and embrace openly feminism and to know women and young men who become a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics started endless arguments if they were , or not exactly feminist .
You 've got their feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot to do , we need so freaking out .
We 're going to go far beyond fair and constructive criticism , to embrace the feminism of any woman , tear it up until it 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We 're going to recognize our flaws to deliver accounts , will move to action and be a bit more brave .
If I hear demeaning music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier than happy to deliver an endless supply .
These artists wo n't change their way to talk about women in their songs until they would change change effectively affecting their revenue .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have to be so eager ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions are justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think in my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great , bright , brilliant girls , and too brave .
And that 's where they are appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think in them , all of a sudden , the best option is seen as much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is about sex violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies are not treated more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers like boxing sacks .
In any case , the men , especially the white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish your magazine , to participate in their project , or work with you , until they do n't have enough numbers of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until their publication , or its organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in this kind of projects , we can also enlist us to be including more like we are welcome to the barriers to the decision stations .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the summit , people in the power directors and cinema producers and music , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more brave , to create a durable change and significant change .
We can also affirming our feminism , good , bad , or anyway .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist not at all . ''
This is true , because of a lot of reasons , but I mean , especially , because old , my voice was stolen , and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to cope with what happened .
A few guys struck me when I was too young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
I was treated as anything .
I started to believe it was nothing .
<unk> my voice , and after all , I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I was getting into a louder version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and women who looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is about telling us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I claim the belief that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say , and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we all can do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a bit brave , when you need to be a bit courageous .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , or when they 're exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went across the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be deadly for a child with an immune system , it 's one of the diseases most easily preventable in the world .
There is an effective vaccine for over half a century , but a lot of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something was supposed even worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that broke loose on autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and beaten by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe most intelligent scientists than vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know that most of you know , but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that the vaccines are going to put in danger to their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time .
Over the most part of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about , they create all their professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence continued to stable only three or four children per 10,000 children .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers began to <unk> .
<unk> of fundraising , like <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Centers for Disease Disease Disease Disease , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic diagnosis '' and `` A better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't shine much down the fears of a young mom who looks for the face of his two-year-old son , the visual contact .
If the criteria criteria , they had to scale , why were they so tight at the beginning ?
Why were cases so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow and cautious progress than the seductive power of storytelling .
Over the most part of the 20th century , doctors told us a story about what autism is and how they discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same is having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism than had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked like private worlds , including people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands on their faces , but they were prey prey to panic , as they did n't put their favorite toy in their usual space without knowing them .
On the base of the patient treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as far as they pick up referrals from so distant as South Africa .
This really is not surprising , because the criteria of autism for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had turned out that he had become nine of 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These children , he said , they 've kept it very carefully in a refrigerator that would n't stop .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that they cluster in certain areas like music , math and memory .
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I was two years old .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad view of these skills , affirming things as children were just popular with what they had heard about their parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers 's theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> people , and they had an autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as <unk> Susie , without special education , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service Service needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years earlier .
They did a study of prevalence in autism in the general population .
So we had a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't talk at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In another way , these children did n't fit cute , nice , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did anyone realize these children before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in German in 1944 , the year next year to the article in <unk> , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article in competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioned in their own work .
There was n't even a translation in English , but luckily , the husband of <unk> speaking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative history of autism .
His author was a guy named Hans Asperger , who was leading an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes with music , and kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabilities for life that required <unk> and tuned spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called her little teachers , and he became a helping for education methods that were especially right for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that sparked a staggering variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at this continuous archetypal aspects known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the awkward teacher .
He was beyond to say , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found out that <unk> was wrong that autism was <unk> , so the parents were the user .
Over the next few years , they worked silent with the American Association Association to expand the criteria to expand the diversity of what they called `` spectrum spectrum . ''
In the late 1980s and early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger .
These changes did n't fall out of my broken bag .
I wondered , when I was born and Judith worked on the way to reform these criteria , people around the world to see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little bit like a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the oceanographic performance of Revels Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' all over the world , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , these early clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of Rain Man , the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect , a perfect storm of awareness of autism .
The number of diagnostics started to rise up , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected to be able to make people with autism and their families finally get the support and services they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blaming vaccines for the increase in diagnostics -- a simple , powerful , seductive credible history as bad as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the heart of prevention is that one of every 68 children in America are on the spectrum , right , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to refuse the idea that are puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the strains of human cognition .
One way to understand the <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC would not work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social vulnerability , and suffers from a attention deficit to the details .
In doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting to Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most <unk> aspects of autism are found in understanding of teachers , employers with ability , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> said once , `` We need all the hands on covered for the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse towards an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to cope with the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to be wasting a brain .
Thank you .
