You know what I do is write for children , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and never no one has picked a farmer .
I 'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a revelation usually is something that you fall somewhere .
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was rare .
So I just just beat up to bleed every week in the kids , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom .
I did it in secret .
For three years .
I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations who fight against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night , I received a phone call from that mastery , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know .
You could have <unk> to Ohio , and please bring that guy to that guy you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we 're taking care of his family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted me to know as an adult came to me , it became a box of ashes , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature , and that everything is connected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what I was in front of me .
<unk> around me <unk> water , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake on the other snowflake after year .
<unk> are born when they fall from glaciers , or break off the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them will refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it more , and they would be involved in a <unk> of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a eardrum , which are isolated , and alone , as we see us sometimes as humans .
But reality is all the opposite .
As it melts a eardrum , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As it melts a eardrum that releases fresh fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life .
And I 'm starting to photograph these <unk> as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there exist that way , and they will not exist again .
It 's not death when they melt away ; it 's not a end , but one following its way for the life cycle .
Part of the <unk> of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a eardrum I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to be able to see a rolling eardrum .
Here you have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the eardrum and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts roll , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a foreign iceberg , the average size .
<unk> water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so I say , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , each one <unk> a baby .
So two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , they 're not going to pay me attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome and the sperm is linked to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg .
Both sides and it starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my land , I would have two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an artist by training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy , which is to say , of human bodies and <unk> , how they have considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that works in my work is the activist , as the patient 's patient or , as I say sometimes , who are impatient of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with operational sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit in male and conventional female workers .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> took a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that will not be taken into a male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> , which is the <unk> gene from the chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are <unk> .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But since this individual lacks testosterone lacks testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So there are high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following an typically female course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a girl .
It 's a little girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes that something is going on .
After making tests realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testes and chromosome .
What 's important to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that .
Women , as the men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know its <unk> structure ; I think it will be a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to the <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testes that has <unk> <unk> .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I received a call from a 19-year-old guy born and raised as a male , and he had sex , and sex with her , he had a life as a boy , and I 'd just discovered that he had ovaries and womb .
It was an extreme way of a disease called <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had chromosomes , and in the womb the <unk> glands were as active that , essentially creating a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the typically male component .
He was born with a child , it 's no mine .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by menstruation internal , when doctors discovered that , in fact , was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with chromosomes develop what 's called <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies will be <unk> , twin <unk> , or <unk> , <unk> surgery is not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go to various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being female is having female identity ; supposedly , being black wants to have an African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you 've presented a body that shows something pretty different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture in our culture .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids born as two people inside of a body .
The ultimate case of the last year is the last year with the South Asia <unk> <unk> , and he put his sex on his sex Olympics in the Berlin Olympics .
A lot of reporters called me to wonder , `` What a test are they going to do to determine whether <unk> is man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no evidence .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women , we 're us who mapped that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more moving science , we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that were driven directly with <unk> categories -- are much more likely than we thought .
And not only in terms of sex .
In terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go on a rough terrain .
Take a look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science , we get more and more in an area that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our culture today , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set a moment from which one body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know inside the <unk> , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors had never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot of you put it up a pen in front of his nose , and if he was still , not <unk> .
If she stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma of determining really the death of somebody , and this puts us into a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy to somebody like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I 'm teaching people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that me to nervous .
We would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we thought about it .
You know , <unk> from the concept of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a little bit of a <unk> of the fathers laugh .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so courageous and audacious , and so radical in what they did , that I find myself every single seeing that <unk> <unk> <unk> and not for the music , which is fully <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in Paris with the sunflowers .
The fathers laugh were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and I tell them why .
What they would reject was a concept , and it was <unk> with another that it was radical and beautiful , and he was held for 200 years .
And , like all of them remember , what would reject our fathers , was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know about DNA , but they had clear the right idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that it was due to the political power for the <unk> of blood , the father and then the son , etc .
The fathers of rejected was rejected that idea , and he would replace it by a new anatomy , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They were <unk> the field of the game and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the differences in anatomy , that was very radical .
And in part of it , they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where they were spending two things .
The democracy was happening and at the same time was born in science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Parents laugh , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and so they would reject the concept of power supernatural to a vague idea of birth .
They were moving to a vision concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were transmitted the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing it , they were laid out the foundation of the future Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
What about years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color people who were <unk> to the anatomical form of anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some gap in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be able to <unk> the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that at five years , they were allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me , and I think we should keep them .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep it , and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> of the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before it was : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , by the contrary , was born in term : The March March .
For the only fact that he was born three months before Mary was attributed to all of the rights three months before to Henry sexual consent , the right to the vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it 's a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man -- -- I have n't told you whether it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered a man now is <unk> from the combating <unk> of Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , do n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So he still do do it . And so in many ways I do have a few of them and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science is so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to quit science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science will get rid of it .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people have caught in a weird position .
For example , Texas has been decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have Y chromosome and that to marry a woman , you have to have Y chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make any tests to people .
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I 'll be able to cook it . ''
It says we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks pretty good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to make it out of this to <unk> rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> who probably deserve more social services than some of humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of the <unk> that I know can make more informed and intelligent decisions and mature about their sexual relationships that people of 40 that I know .
So how do you put the topic of the content of character ?
It 's very hard .
And one part of me wonder what would happen if character of a person could be measured with an instrument , perhaps with an fMRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this <unk> of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian , which is attracted to other men is to be killed , unless he 's willing to have a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm happy to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth twins to then separate them to then separate them , and so we got his fame .
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation , I asked a very <unk> operation , and he said that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and so I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , has been considered political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people who are without <unk> to change for the state of the state .
So I think we have to be the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the fathers .
And I want to think about how democracy would be , or as it could have been , if we 'd given greater involvement to the mothers .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist , and that 's that I think there are different ideas from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about group .
From years ago , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sex difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate , when I was in graduate , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism , I considered me feminist , like <unk> made me a strange question : `` <unk> . ''
`` Tell me what he 's got from females . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to get rid of the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing women in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about his question , more of me , has a little bit of a female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more <unk> social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the fathers were very able to find the way to protect people by part of the state , it 's possible that , to make more <unk> to this concept , perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , while we 're trying to create a stronger union , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family think where you want to go to live and work , I have the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities who are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , now we 're far away from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city of <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth more than the cost of building .
So easily we could <unk> the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But just <unk> by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment , they were owners , and that in the other half , you 're not aware of it .
You might try to increase the ability to do it in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all of those .
But you could go to a completely new place , building a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , we 're going to build the construction instead of giving .
So I proposed that governments are going to have new high-tech zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter .
Later I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> , they would fall from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask questions what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> would be understood by a platform in which the reforms and the same reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of evidence with users , tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the charter of their most important ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those norms that say you ca n't go and upset all the current residents of apartments .
We have a lot of attention to new technologies , but it 's needed both of technologies as a norms to progress , and usually they are the norms that are preventing us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's put this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we got together in Miami , in a conference studio room .
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York , look , terrain that , in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract argument , and sometime , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a <unk> city is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are going to be there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not to live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he said that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country 's going to progress .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk about four and five of January .
So I showed another talk full of data , which included a picture like this , which was trying to explain that for a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The leader of the Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the talk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this was the gist , that a new city can offer new options for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you might go in Honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away north .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated with , they could benefit from the countries associated with to establish and make the norms of the charter , so that everyone could trust that the charter can actually be done .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily cover a thousand square miles .
And soon after , the 19th of January , they vote in Congress to <unk> their constitution and add a constitutional disposal that allowed to create these special regions of development .
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in the favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All of the parties , all the factions in society , got caught .
To <unk> in the constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
The 17 of February was approved again in another voting , and it 's held to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to 24 , a <unk> of 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea -- it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after it spent four years getting the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're making a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and then allow it to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already been committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the court of the last judicial system .
There are urban planners and developers from cities that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that they have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are many people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change back to another place .
There are one million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job , sometimes they 're unmarried mothers who have to win money for as only eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what would you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What do you think about insist so that families can choose between several cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that , I live obsessed with the suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and post on my blog and colorful , colorful and different for every single time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and secondhand stores .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to know people who are <unk> , usually my money is going to be a good cause ; I 'm unique , and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
I would like color ?
Is it less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
To go back to the topic of my <unk> , I want to tell you what packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what has someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I suit it .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after you 're here to Palm Springs .
And I do n't know as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Start with Sunday .
I call this a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to see it well .
You know , you 're almost always seeing it just 50 dollars .
All of the set , including the jacket , including the jacket , 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : The color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be impossible , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself , and at the same time it 's going to be it .
I just know yourself .
If you 're <unk> from the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , too , you know .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're carrying inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to the <unk> , or I remember their little seven years .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're good with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years that really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't look at you .
So there 's no excuse anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal universal word for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal lifestyle , and it 's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it again and again when people approached this week , just because of what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to be emotionally emotionally doing these things , because around the corner of the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a depiction of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic of logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plan of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a big fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider me one of those people , which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty logic to <unk> these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like playing with things .
We put it to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A sense of intuition that you might have developed with the step of the years is that one thing can be only in a place at the time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a little kid , and I did n't do it very well , it was always falling .
But I 'm going to have to play with that bar parking . I 'm going to show you a valuable lesson , and that 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that 's in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like you can go through walls , or you can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
In that point , the physics was in a few years ago -- you needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But not the needed to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and it 's not because it does n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could figure out that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why some years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been in a overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's just at the center .
And then we do a good approach to the little metal metal .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard and a springboard and <unk> in a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I put all the big machines around 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to do this hole with a form of <unk> that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up , let 's stop doing those things , because I do n't want to upset them , or , really , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> <unk> are not only people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that goes on their side and the warmth of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
So we would get the lights , then we introduced a vacuum and pulled it all the air , and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree above zero .
Now , when you 're only on the elevator , the little metal piece of metal is free to act as well .
So we measured their movements .
We found that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way we were <unk> was like a breath of this form -- as a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving a smooth drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and that would n't be <unk> at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is a really fantastic thing .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing , and do n't they <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain points when those line line line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It wants to say that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all the piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was <unk> in a clean room to do this during all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between a single atom , and that little metal piece of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one only atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal of metal can be in two different places , why not you too ?
I mean , it 's my logic of logic .
So imagine if you were in multiple places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness , if your body were <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights up and look inside the box , we saw that metal was still there in a single piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , seemingly all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just built into a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is connected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more profound .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround us , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And it 's about 18 months ago in Google , until we launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss , and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months and it took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 wonderful museums .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is just explained to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a major education , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Let me better show you the demo for you to explain a couple of interesting things that we 've done from his launch .
So simply , we go to <unk> .
Look at all the museums you have .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I actually go into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
No matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate by the museum ?
We open up the screen , and , with one click , we jump into it .
They 're inside , you want to go to the end of the hallway .
Do go ahead . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> , '' from Philippe <unk> in <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the picture , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata data .
For those of you who are truly interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this picture , for example , has , I think , 10,000 million of the pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see things fun .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that happens there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went into , and I found that kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit , he talked to some people of the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to beat a <unk> with a stick Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even more deep , and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take off the picture , so you 'll see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we go quickly to jump again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what happens if you want to see the brush ?
And if you want to see how often Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up , and actually , it does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` Night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things more here , but I do n't have time to show you .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives it the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The power of zooming , '' -- we just do a zooming in around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at looking at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all the amazing things really not come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they 're not from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience of this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium to do justice to their artwork and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going into a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy are growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that it 's happened very interesting in the race of Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Now , sometime ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I took a budget and you 're going to get it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you win the race .
This is what , in engineering , we have <unk> control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Now what 's interesting is that systems of real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers to outdoors .
And as such as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
Let 's bring cities out there .
As a second note , I wanted to say that cities are only two percent of the planet 's crust , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , and they 're entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition at the end of year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Give me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
In a way , it 's as if almost all the atoms that have existing atoms would get sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction as humans , as humans , with the outside environment .
In some sense , it 's almost like the old angel <unk> .
You know , when Michelangelo was invented the Moses , he says that in the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it to the Moses , and you can still see a little bit of a little bit of <unk> , and he said , `` Did you know , `` Did you know , '' you know ?
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; insisting on the idea of engaging the environment and make something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , ultimately won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity on the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the play .
The time line is at the top .
By the early afternoon , there are people around here and doing calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> of France , <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They make Italy , yeah !
That night they were all going to celebrate the center .
You see the big summit .
The next day , everybody was the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> indicates where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have to make a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but of things we use and we use it .
Today we know everything about our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how you put it together .
But we know very little about where things are .
So in this project , we developed a little bit of little tags to track the trash into the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year , to label what they were launched -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are all <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a label , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
So from Seattle ...
after a week .
With this data , we realized that there are lots of vibrating in the system .
We can do the same with less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
They 're going on complicated things and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that we <unk> not disappear , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we leave a day is still there .
So if we show that to people , then we 'll be able to promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for this project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we 've talked at at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
Everything started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> , you open and closes .
It was created as a curtain of water , with water water .
If you fall the pixels , you can write into them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can happen , as you see in the picture .
We introduced this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it .
And we had a commission to design the building to the entrance to the entrance .
We call it the Digital Water .
All the building is made of water .
There are no windows or windows , but when you get to it , it opens up so you can go through .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , as in this case .
Those days , there will always be somebody , in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` Get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they were demolished , but when you 're low almost all the architecture disappear .
Here 's how it works .
You see the people who are going through what happens inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet by testing the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened at night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came into the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to you , but a building that was still making cuts and holes , and you had to jump up to not get wet .
( Noise of people -- and for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of the use that people will give our designs .
But then reality is n't unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physicists , the pixels of water , and of projections of them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that the pixels could begin to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , as we saw before , which is moving with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different guy .
Imagine that screen appear on different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that would be able to be able to have a sea cloud of it in 3D that you can go up and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the true controlled <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When you turn the light , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them for a person .
We can have every pixel with a entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the New York <unk> star and <unk> <unk> to capture his movements in 3D and use it as entrance to the <unk> .
So here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels , it captures into different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization as a movement motion .
It can <unk> all the movement .
You can go all along the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and turnover .
We want to use this as an entrance to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our <unk> environment as a <unk> nursery , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could just make it all a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time and the Obama campaign , we can go through the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to address the challenges of today : think of climate change or CO2 emissions , how to happen the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of the pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particles cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered it .
You can move around , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it 's going to be able to share the major moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up , as a new end of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital bomb at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a lot of changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or you might like to be in better form , to be stronger , to have more endurance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves ?
How about living with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always want to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member ) Creativity ) Creativity .
How much people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Very few . It was probably due to the number of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many of you choose the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most people . That makes me feel very good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here in the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> , which also <unk> in the <unk> <unk> Church , wrote a essay called `` nothing in biology makes sense except to the light of Evolution . ''
But if they actually accept biological evolution consider this : it 's just the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well in one end , it 's , of course , the most interested .
<unk> of a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the strand there 's been maybe 20 25 species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about 130 years old .
It might seem very far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Can we have to leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not as the human insulin , but it 's the same protein , that 's called indistinguishable from the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you know that we 're all taking in the most bacteria , the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think about -- when Antonio Damasio , you think about the bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you might want to want to have no effort on their part .
It 's really like a fast route for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some <unk> to the way .
But by the way , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digesting essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what is the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is as a short compass -- the animal kingdom , as a single and only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the funny part of this talk , so I hope they enjoyed it .
When I just recently went to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every cell is just dividing and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things begin to change .
It goes into the sexual reproduction scene .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment , but with every year I spent , it was more doubt .
I was going to understand the feelings of George Burns , which was still acting in Las Vegas well in his 90 years .
And one night , somebody hits your hotel .
He opens the door .
In front of him , there 's a little bit of a <unk> dancer .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came for a `` soup of sex . ''
`` All right , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to make us healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted to live more and more in a healthier way .
Evolution consists of happening the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as well-designed rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level , and then let us fall to the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that expressed Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily ignore longevity .
It 's not necessarily going to the bigger or the stronger or the faster or even even the smartest .
Evolution encourages creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only test of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive to the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish eating in the vacuum , however , have managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if you go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase ? I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've learned to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and released from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set up our environment so that we could be able to be able to be able to us as we adapt to us .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , <unk> , and we 've got us so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation of the evolution of evolution .
A second possibility is that we produce a traditional , natural evolution of the nature of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the shifting gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in isolation , when as a species of <unk> planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a compelling possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals that we will go .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what 's elected to the individual and familiar level .
Think of it as well as it could be possible to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in their own body , we can make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 , it was 13 years old .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today you can get a whole sequence of the three billion pairs of the human genome at a cost of the size of a week .
There 's not a lot of missing for the human genome for 1,000 dollars , and it will be more and more in the grasp of everyone .
These changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect them , but they 're going to engage against other viruses .
Believe it or not there is a experimental trial in the course with the largest influenza vaccine in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future it 's going to be more and more possible .
Imagine just two little changes .
Can you change the cells in your bodies , but if you could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their kids a better chance of living life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier kids ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of the science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you could be able to deal with the next generation of the machine ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle to make it faster and further distance ?
Why do n't you live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in the conditions of turning this to the next generation , and we could adopt the attributes we wanted to have become the evolution of before we wanted to have the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100 thousand years and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these choices as a better , successful society , more successful ?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want to do for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to deal with .
And the deepest thing about everything : we 're able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom that we need to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at a high feet when you 're at a lot of high height .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor by doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about on flight .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably beat some birds . ''
The pilot had already dropped the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
And the pilot would get the plane with the Hudson River .
This is not the route .
You 're going to take the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three <unk> words that I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before you die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought of all the people who wanted to get , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I wanted to have and never had .
As I was thinking about it later , I was a sentence , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person 's there , I 'll open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that 's really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were <unk> the George Washington , which was n't for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great despite .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and with my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also gave my ego .
And I regret the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It 's feeling like wonder .
I 'm not trying to be right ; it would be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental watch goes to <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water 's <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I was <unk> , I had the feeling of it , wow , die not fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is going into a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of art talent -- still . And I scream , I cry , like a small .
And for me , that was all the reason to be the world .
In that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back to live differently .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please do n't be like this -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the greatest thing I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important ones in the 1980s .
One day came to his house after running , and he said , `` Daddy , I 'm sorry for your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
We 've got a total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His job influenced me .
I have a design design and animation , so , of course , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and the cause .
So I went and met her brother and his father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are they going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me .
And I said , `` A second , is n't you that you 've seen Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're important and you have a sure good you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well how do they communicate then ? ''
Did anyone see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're doing it with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check and instead of that sign that I had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed to her brother and his father in that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make their art again .
Because it 's just ridiculous that someone who has both in their inside ca n't communicate . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw about that and recorded the negative space .
So they go around doing art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a cycle of life .
First begin with the sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks and , at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year after , after a lot of organization , and a lot of moving things next to another we had achieved a couple of things .
One , touch the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that they could be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And , seriously , it 's more fun ; I call him <unk> , because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all the <unk> world from all the corners of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , we move into the garage and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> , they took the control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid , and that when they would have removed the squares of the walls and in their place would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping of Venice , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> [ <unk> '' and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun sunglasses that we buy in the shipping of Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio School .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it , we put it on a light of LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free , and it builds up the code that we publish the software is low for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no company that says `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that I can say `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
So at the end of the two weeks we went to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year planning , two weeks of programming , my entire night , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
He ran the bed so you could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of a wall of the hospital parking .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends and you can imagine what was feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was we had to bear in the parking lot , so we feel as if we were <unk> graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was in seven years old .
I felt like I had been under the water and someone eventually came to <unk> and get me out there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some ways that 's our <unk> .
That 's what keeps us in movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> .
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us is making money with this .
Everything goes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine were recognized as one of the 50 best inventions , and it was really great .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends of close the <unk> is that in April this year in the <unk> of Los Angeles at the middle of Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show that 's pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , make it possible .
None of what you have in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> was possible at some point .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I would have wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we 're going to find something that we feel like you need to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years to be in very difficult situations and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine .
It was in zones of war and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- funny at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in large part of my career , I 've been <unk> in the situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of dealing with social issues in ways that are really interesting , interesting , and hopefully , to analyze it in a way that you look at and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and ultimately I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So , some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple weeks ago , I took a little weeks ago in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , volunteered for the name of my TEDTalk of 2011 .
What he had was the following : `` You know , I 'd be the next thing : `` You know , you 'd be able to <unk> , '' and my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and depending on content , especially if I put it into the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of them .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that guy , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked him about a year ago , I would n't have to tell you with certainty .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , from advertising .
And as I said before , I 've got in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could have been able to make it , for something so difficult or as dangerous as they go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to do a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all of the film , and all the film is funded by <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What 's happening in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that all of the top down down at the bottom , it 's got pictures of brand , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were <unk> by film -- forever .
And so the film is exploring all of this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) Is it redundant . ) A forever , forever ?
I 'm one person redundant .
It was `` A ha . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the brand on the title , but we 're going to make sure that all the categories we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the greatest shoe that you used .
The greatest car that we 've driven in `` The largest car ever sold , '' the best drink that you have , <unk> of `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then also going to show the brands as part of life , make them <unk> the film ?
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 'll see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to be able to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
<unk> : though , I do n't know how sensitive to that .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make it ?
MS : One and a half million .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment , the film will look at us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But will be hard to sell it , by the film or to be me ?
JK : Two things .
MS :
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Very good . ( MK : Good .
MK : We have to think about what brands .
MS : Yes .
MK : We have some places where you go .
MS : I thought , `` Go off the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside .
The camera means `` we do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : So , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to present the product to so many people as possible , so that so many people would see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the landscape of media separated , is n't the idea to tell with that new driving vehicle that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> mistake , and that mistake was this .
No , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been good .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you search for <unk> images in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen , easily understandable , which is being characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named calling , the president says , even the CEOs named it .
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it reality , it really changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency is frightened -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this strange rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
So we had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell her history .
We want to tell a story , but that count <unk> history . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he 's he looking at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency want to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond , and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take the proxy and go to business with all my team .
So what I started to warn you about a sudden , and I started to figure out that when you start talking to business with the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant movies and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make films of big , giant Hollywood movies , they say the reason that their movies have so successful is due to the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically on the ground ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the Atkins deodorant .
Any moment during an interview with someone can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see you a little nervous .
I want to help you that you 're going to tell you .
Maybe you should put a little bit about this before the interview . ''
And there was one of these cool aromas .
So , `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` <unk> of Paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid , to <unk> , in a pole , as it 's .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's the smallest of the smallest movies that you 've ever had , and we 're more good at a rival .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people to people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What are the words use to describe them ?
It 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in <unk> .
Man : We 're talking about something audacious , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat and sweat . ''
You keep it cool .
How do you keep them cool longer ? With better freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the guy from the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to tell me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good good .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk , unless it 's day .
MS : All right , what is the brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . (
I like the dark colors , many gray gray and things like this .
And generally , I 'm wearing accessories as the sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , '' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I 'm , I would call him a casual .
Woman 2 : In a hippie , in part of hippie , partly <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the guy of the pets .
You make toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx .
Man 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we 're not all able to make Tom , but often I 'm going to get you on the intersection of the dark , and you often have a chance .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who could go into my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call `` brand ' personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped them as <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yes . The first picture is a familiar photo .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings to be .
MS : These people make my way to see the world .
A : Tell me that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people who are around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the job you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place , and in my case they come from and start in my family , in West Virginia .
: What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who wanted to be .
I like the different things .
I like weird stuff . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why .
What 's the machete ? What 's the copying ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about it .
A little more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid .
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of madness all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , the <unk> Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
It was very good at together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some of them will only be taken into one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's the <unk> nature to avoid the things that are not safe , and they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually have to wrap them up and you make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is classical , Apple .
And you can see here at the Target here , Wii Wii , of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come to come , but a <unk> brand is pretty potent .
MS : A brand <unk> . What 's your brand ?
If someone calls you to take your identity from your brand , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up , you 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you a better attribute ?
A little louder , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are like being playful as the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , dared or audacious like <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , the dominant , the magic , magic , magical .
Or are you more good about downwards ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
You 're established , traditional , provider , protective ? Can you stand with Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , reliable , sacred , contemplative , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 firms , bottom-up and descending , who said , `` No , no want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , primarily because they would n't have control , they would have no control on the end .
It allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we get to tell the story in this film of how they use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much commercial marketing as to film .
We went to San Paulo where they 've banned the advertising in the open .
In the entire city for the last five years there are no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are getting up in schools with problems in the United States .
So the amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest answer , or that I 've had more successful are those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what they did these brands .
They were <unk> to the <unk> , and they had their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to deal with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to do to people , that will defy the way we look at the world .
And how do you go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie was launched in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> , the movie was launched in January , and since , and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million prints in the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , TV .
The movie is still not going to be done .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even been presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already started to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad for almost all the agencies that we 're talking about to their clients , not to be part of it .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks is opportunities .
I think when you get to people that are pushing the people out of that .
I think when you train their employees at risk aversion is preparing all your company to lack rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to animate people at risk .
We have to animate people who do n't have to be afraid of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , let 's go forward , I think we have to give them to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
You 're afraid of fear . You 're going to get the risk .
From a <unk> , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
Now more than never a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk , `` <unk> , '' has been presented by my good friends who have been paid for dollars who for dollars bought the rights of the name of <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency Transparency .
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an amazing question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED TED organization , the <unk> Foundation , a <unk> check to be applied to my <unk> for TED year .
The idea behind the computer wormhole is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get nuclear bomb .
Their largest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are systems of real-time control systems .
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a cash virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enter the gray box , damage the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is slow , mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we found this .
When we started research on Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That 's called attention , and we started an experiment in which we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what happened with this .
So they 've got very weird things .
Stuxnet behaved like a laboratory in the lab that did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
I had no sense for me .
And then from experiencing different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a run .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is looking for the gray box if you find a specific setup , and even if the program that 's trying to infect it is actually running in that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than <unk> the target soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the code of the attack , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big .
We also saw that they were very supportive of people who obviously had all the internal information .
Let 's get all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator would .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's very above all that we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much as a <unk> language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and we tried to <unk> with the real world , with potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a precious white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because that 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find many thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant and the <unk> <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's put a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them , and I went to you in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that part of a mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the attacks of the attack was to do slow and <unk> in a obvious effort to go back to the nest engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows in that code , you ca n't <unk> it .
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and I found that they 're stored in what 's called a waterfall , and each icefall contain <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are split in 15 parts called stages .
And guess what do we find in the code code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
And so we have no misunderstanding .
The results have been involved after several weeks of hard work .
It 's usually <unk> on dead ends , and we had to go back .
Still , we found that both digital digital warheads were going to one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and it will spin rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've given what the poetry is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should not worry about other targets are <unk> by Stuxnet .
So here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input of the entry values for example , of the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies where , during robbery , the security camera is feeding <unk> video .
Is it great ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> on the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine , you have to open escape valves , you have to open escape valves .
Of course , this ca n't make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then you can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And it 's not <unk> and the security system , you 'll notice it .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to see , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work as well , for example , in a energy plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have to disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You also could use conventional technologies for <unk> .
You will be able to make it more possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to deal with the consequences , and we 've got to deal with the consequences .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : OK , really want to listen to this ?
Yes . Okay .
My opinion is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , differently , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take , and you can give them <unk> skills , or another one that makes a chairs of lawn chairs .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different from something that you put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and help it , for example , to drive balance .
It 's actually true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign areas .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on his back a <unk> load of pounds , and you 're encouraged to wear even more equipment .
Of course , this leads to some major complications -- the injuries on the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to explore this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help address the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human Brain .
Soldiers : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds by variables for a lot of hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get to be paid and execute movements with great agility .
So I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to do , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the look at the chairs of wheelchair chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , in the chairs of wheels , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the column that when you start their life -- to 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that gets worse rapidly .
His only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been so for the last 500 years , from his successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So , we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had a spinal injury in the spinal cord , and as a result he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It was completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give the engines to the engines , and on the knees , and they 're doing it with this soft , soft , very natural , natural position .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange jump in the air , skiing costs down down below , he was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all of it and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 're never going to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I 'm stole to the last piece of hope from my being .
The technology of adaptation since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> costs down into <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride in a bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers , but Amanda , and all of the chairs of lawn chairs , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have baton out , practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is a serious thing .
And no , it 's not the <unk> <unk> festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , know their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now chimpanzees are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this aspect of the human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimps are dominated by big , frightening , the Bonobo Bonobo is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the <unk> of a violent conflict that has been held for decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War .
It 's not surprising that this destruction also is to put the survival of the Bonobo .
The meat trade and the deforestation do n't be able to fill up a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos you can hear laughter hidden by the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have regular sex and <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the Bonobo 's lives is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of kids .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance .
We learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game Bonobo , you see the evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a few unique videos of the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game . It 's not soccer .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` It could be <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So the sex game is common in both Bonobos as in humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing things into the game , like <unk> , and also how the game takes trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of shapes , some of which are more elastic , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where you 're going to get the wonder .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water that 's written .
I think , like she , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that curiosity that drives us to explore , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real hot dog of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future that we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes have to play .
But would we get to the maximum of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For Bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and interrupted .
When it seems at least play , you can be the moments that it 's the most urgent .
So , fellow primates , accept this gift of evolution and play together while creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of a captain of volunteers in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where the volunteers , where volunteers were highly skilled , you have to get to the fire , very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But even so there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what 's our task .
When I found the captain , it was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly took one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the middle of the night , she was standing out in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas , inside , while his house was on flames .
The other volunteer that I 'd just got before I was , <unk> <unk> , first to the captain , and he asked him to fit and save the dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell people that I entered a burning building in order to save a live being just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go to the house .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and I 'm giving this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear it .
It was n't exactly exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , country <unk> , and that height , the <unk> of the fire , and I went into the fourth side for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
So I took my load around the ladder where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the main door .
We got rid of the house the treasures for the owner of home where , as I was waiting , his treasure received a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner of the house , <unk> by the brave effort to save her house .
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes .
So much in my calling at Robin Hood , like in my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm witness of <unk> and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're to achieve , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you , not wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , <unk> now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save somebody 's life , but every day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; we 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in 1868 with a very simple idea : modules of a fixed measure of a fixed measure that you fit together .
Very quickly , these became the largest building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , he looked up with this .
It was called machine assembly brick .
And in a few years , the building blocks came to all the households .
It 's been calculated that they 've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
Put it accessible .
Consider simply adopted the block of the concrete , the favorite of the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new block of building .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead to a world of static bricks piled upon each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the block of concrete , the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a major difference : The transistor was only for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of the engineers of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how it works .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , engines and sensors .
And the best of all is that they bring together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a code of color .
The green is the way , the blue is the stream , the pink is the entrance and the orange is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green , and very rapidly you can begin to make bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one make light .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a module module , which is here , and now we have a light on it .
So we 're going to get this doorbell to create more impact and have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple gestures .
To make it faster or slower , it just looks like this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world , we want to make them ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , solar panels -- everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to see them play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how do you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a night light works , or why is the door of an elevator in an elevator , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We have also led to the design schools .
So for example , designers have no experience in electronics begin to play with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have to <unk> by creating ...
A few weeks ago , we took a few weeks to the designers of Rhode Island <unk> designers , which do n't have an experience of engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> canyon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> <unk> that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to all of us .
So <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the archives of design and make it .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interaction world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to tell you about discoveries today .
I work in the solar industry .
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on charge .
We can -- we can continue better leave the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
Very good .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , Am I term time ?
Very good . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and it would be like a few of the peace <unk> for geeks .
And we had some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of bringing them to the Third World we sent to the wild world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the municipal workers .
His job is to show the possibilities of the current technology .
You meet it .
This is a fire hydrant hydrant .
So here 's as if I could find a date , but what it really looks for is that someone 's clean when it 's caught by the snow because he knows that it 's not very good by burning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did we ask for the help of this unique way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment , it 's a lot of last year .
They realized that the city had never wiped this fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : than the citizens of them with shovels in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can take a hydrant .
You need to clean up when you 're <unk> .
By doing it , you put it up , you put a name , in this case he put it up .
If you do n't do it , somebody can be <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe the smallest of 21 apps last year .
But it does something that no other technology technology does .
And it extends into viral form .
A responsible for the systems of the city of the city of the <unk> of the city , he realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but so the citizens are to <unk> tsunami .
It 's very important that work on the tsunami of the tsunami , but people are steals batteries .
That 's why he tells the citizens that control them .
And then Seattle decided , he decided to use it to make the citizens of <unk> .
And Chicago stopped throwing it up to make people stay in order to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has spread without friction , organic and natural , natural and natural way .
If you know some government technology , you know this does n't usually happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three and a half months .
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their kids .
Then they told us that we 've done by the normal channels would have led to less two years and side about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial state of California , which is until 2,000 million dollars and it does n't work .
And there 's projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's program in a couple of days , and it 's diagnosed in viral mode , is a kind of warning to the institution of government .
It suggests the better government of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , no restrictions , in the open and generative way .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities .
They have not been given to the government .
They have a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , do it .
And these people know something that we have lost .
And that 's that if we stop side , the feelings of politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all those other things that you get crazy , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change , the government itself .
And since the government ultimately grows from us -- remember that from `` We , the people ? ''
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to mix people together .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the phone care center and information center .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you 're hearing about the United States .
Scott <unk> this call .
He watched `` <unk> '' in the official of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , make music good and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It 's got an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't make that app .
It was the work of very intelligent people from the Office of New Francisco from Boston .
One day , this really happened , this request is , `` <unk> in my garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave it ? ''
The <unk> <unk> dynamics .
Scott was talking about a person .
In <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went back to the place , I found the trash cube behind the house .
You know ? Yes ? Was I living ? Yes .
I wanted the cube . I went home .
Good night , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to <unk> collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technological technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
We attached to two people .
And it could be connected to government services to be necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps another person , we would have the communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One major thing we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but it thinks you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entrance to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you picked a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and experience our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the shallow layer of 15 inches .
It 's below what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps it that we funded as something that 's operating in our against , that other thing , and as a consequence we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sexy .
If we want this institution to work , we 're going to have to make the bureaucracy .
Because that 's where the real government works .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the <unk> of the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have <unk> to the government , it 's time to ask our kids to leave our kids .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they have to deal with .
Do you really think that we 're going to go and do n't solve the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can be expanded strengthening to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act , you only have to articulate systems in the right way .
The average of our members is 28 of our members , so I suspect , I 'm a generation larger than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to speak , everyone 's going to speak .
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when you face the government problem , you do n't care so much to make your voices .
They 're using your hands .
They get the work to the work to build apps better to the government .
And those apps allow us to use hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a hydrant , taking off off weeds , <unk> a cube of trash that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we were always able to cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these apps are as a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We 're more citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we did n't affect citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it 's about the important things that we have to do together , all together , we will be a crowd of voices , or also being able to be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that you 're told here is the whole world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would not be otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is very important .
Here we have seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you 're taught with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't know this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it was power .
It was the last word in the whole discussion in the family .
She practiced a lot of <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born about the 1880s and his experience with slavery , and they were able to see the world .
She was hard , but it was also loving .
When I was small , and I looked at it , she was approaching , and I would give me a good hug .
I would be so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I dropped out .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at this , and I was approached , and he said , `` Do you get my hug ? ''
And if I was saying no , I read again , and if I said yes , I stopped peace .
It had this human quality that I would always want to be close to her .
The only problem is that it was 10 kids .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Sometimes when I was going to spend a while with it , it was n't easy to get his time and his attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room and there was running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
So I looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , went up , went down the room , took me from my hand , and he said , `` Come on the hand . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's not do it . '' I said , `` Of course . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to be able to say that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want to do is you 're always going to do the right thing if the right thing is hard . ''
I thought it and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want to do is you never have alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , like this . ''
I grew up in the field , in South rural . I have a brother , a year older and a sister .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package , I do n't know where he pulled it , he grabbed my sister and I went to the forest .
We 're just doing all the <unk> .
He took a sip of beer , he was offered to my sister , she took a little and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on it today , and you 're always doing the same thing as us .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What 's going on ? Take a beer . ''
I came up with the strength and he went , `` Ah , you 're not thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this thinking that 's an virtue ; I say it by the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to the others that actually do n't see it .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been prisoner during the ban .
My uncles died of diseases related to alcohol .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage you .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in freedom .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has changed fundamentally our world .
In poor communities or black , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of every three black between 18 and 30 years is in prison or <unk> .
In the urban <unk> of the entire country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 to 60 percent of all young people are in prison or in the wild .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it looks very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger will make us believe that these are not problems of our own .
We 're disconnected .
I find interesting .
We 're looking at our work in some of them really curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you get out of rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before we passed the law of the right to vote .
We have this impressive .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where they would be in 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without chance of coming out .
Right now we 're in some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in the death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
Now , in some sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by crimes , but , if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death row in the United States is defined by mistake .
In every nine nine people , it has identified one that 's innocent that it 's <unk> and released from death row .
A mistake of mistake , amazing -- an innocent for every nine .
This is interesting .
It would not be allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to buy airplanes if every nine that would take , you would have been crashing .
But somehow we cut it from the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our load .
It 's not our fight .
I 'm a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted to World War II .
Really , we do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid of being <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The terror threat was what defined their lives .
Now there are older people who get to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , <unk> , people who stop saying that in our history we 're dealing with the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Tell me that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terror was continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial organizations and separation .
In this country we do n't like talking about our problems .
We do n't like talking about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've done .
All of the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to work on race . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage you with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this engagement , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death row .
And it was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and he said , `` You know it 's pretty worrying about hearing what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We can never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we put them to run . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would make people , especially if they were in their own Jews ?
We could not be tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we really do n't care about these hard things , the positive and wonderful things are , though , involved .
We love innovation .
We were fascinated by technology . We 'll get creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by the suffering , the abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my opinion , you need to integrate both two things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , which will never get to TED .
Think of them is , in some ways , something that 's inside of us .
We have to believe in things that we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though we 're as rational , so committed to intellectual .
Now , with innovation , development is not only about brain ideas .
These things come from lateral ideas as well by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and stunning , but also in the dark and the hard .
We have <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , counseling for the spirit , a will for being in places of hopelessness and to be witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage you .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , inequality , the inequality , the injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we 're ignoring these things .
So we go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , as a very young lawyer , to know Rosa Parks .
These women were just starting to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , `` <unk> , comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . Yes . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I would say , `` <unk> . ''
So I just heard it , and I just heard it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give him my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question the injustice .
We 're trying to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We 're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the sentences of life , without freedom .
We 're trying to do something about death row .
We 're trying to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up the massive <unk> . ''
I gave all my best speech , and when I end up me , he looked at me and said , `` Hmm hmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Ms. <unk> stood up , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to face those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that 's not , it 's not that it 's a <unk> .
Even if you kill another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very exhilarating , very exhilarating , we do n't judge us for our technology , by our designs , not by our intellectual and rational capacity .
By the end of the character , the character of a society , not as they treat the rich , powerful and privileged , but by how they treat the poor , doomed , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
Very tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted with a lot of <unk> .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> so that they 're going to be given as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn to someone in what 's not ?
The judge was <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night I was very late thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask some of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a <unk> guest , a small , poor , black .
I started working in the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> so that my <unk> black client was treated as a privileged child of 75 years , executive from a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had been a reductionist behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethical , but a whole lack of ethics .
In the next morning , I woke up thinking about that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or really I wrote it ?
For my terror , not only was the <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got to the car and I was truly overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the court .
I thought this would be very hard and ballet .
Finally I got out of the car . I went to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man ; it was the superintendent of the court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` Is you lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I went up to me , and I got rid of it .
And I sat in the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected with my inside , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the room of audiences .
So , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 've wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , '' and we started discussing .
People started getting . Everybody was upset .
I was the ones that had written those crazy .
They got the cops , the prosecutors , the horns .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the living room was full of people , they all succeeded because we were talking about race , because we were talking about poverty , because we 're talking about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I got to look at how he was going and came .
He would look out the window and you 'd be able to hear all that <unk> .
It was walking over here and for here .
Finally , this old black , with a face of concern , I went into the room and sat behind me , almost on the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge was able to make a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant showed you because the superintendent had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black stood up , looked at the assistant , and I looked at me and said , `` I went to this young audience to tell this young man to keep his sight in the target with a distraction . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds to justice .
That we can not be truly human humans if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our vision of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must be diagnosed with brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of all of us who share this , I just want to be able to keep your sight in the target with puzzles .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a evident of the audience , of this community , to help in your purpose , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to make an effort for the funding of the money today in punishment today .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide , not <unk> .
56 percent of rape do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that they were going to get these funding to get the law , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There have been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's said it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say it 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's by the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life , by stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , rather than making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
I think our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for the TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats for Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . Voice 3 : The police release O.C . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Meanwhile , six : Social <unk> : <unk> 7 : 65 dead .
Voice 8 : <unk> of tsunami , nine : <unk> .
Several <unk> : <unk> War . It 's massive destruction .
Now let 's figure out . <unk> .
Crisis . Death .
Oh my gosh !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months .
The idea is that media prefer <unk> news , because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more to survive , the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and record all of the data looking for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
So that 's why a <unk> of stories will look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , it 's really true .
And since all of the digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , is not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world 's wrong .
But maybe not that .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we got <unk> .
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating as we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water shortage and energy , and we certainly have them .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems and , in the long , we just got with them .
Let 's take the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , income per capita income is tripled around the world .
Social mortality has been reduced 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , electricity , transportation , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we 're living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles indicates that global literacy was 25 percent to more than 80 percent of them .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in the United States , most of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , television , mobile air and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we 're going to do with information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price on about 12 to 24 months .
So that 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law over the last hundred years .
I want you to watch two things on this curve .
First , how smooth it is -- in good and bad times , in the war and in peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's a rapid computers used to build faster computers .
It 's not stopping for any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's going to go up .
The growth rate of technology is in itself faster and faster .
And on this curve , to <unk> of Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized data across the planet , the synthetic biology , the fuel , the mobility and the A.I . .
I mean , how many saw victory 's `` Jeopardy '' on IBM , IBM ?
It was spade .
I searched in the newspapers the best headline that would have .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` `` Jeopardy '' is not a easy game .
He plays with the subtle language of language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the mobile .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can you be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact life from a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would be absurd .
We can point a <unk> of companies that have already already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create sexual lives for every day of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of the possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and so abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner to dinner .
The presidents of Napoleon ate with covered by silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate covered with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most precious metal on the planet -- it was worth more than gold and platinum .
So for that tip from the Washington to Washington is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is 98 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as a fresh metal .
It 's tied by oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came up and he made aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
So we would have this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet that 's about 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> energy .
It 's not about scarcity , but accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than one of the dam by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the American parts of the United States , the solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have plenty of water .
So let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Remember when Carl Sagan wrote the Voyager spacecraft on Earth , in 1990 , after we spent Saturn ?
You know , a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of it is ice , and we 're fighting by 0.5 percent of the water 's water , but also here is a hope .
It 's an available technology in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , it gave me permission to do it -- your technology called <unk> <unk> , the <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to make a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any saltwater , saltwater water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The President of Coke 's just thought to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence that it will be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that predatory warrior has better mobile communications , in Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , to tell with a smart mobile phone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton ago 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens of thousands of dollars , and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , <unk> technology , and they 're losing <unk> and lose market value .
Maybe it 's better to get when you 're going to get into health apps .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they 're talking about , and since it has A.I , , you can be able to be able to be able to be <unk> blood .
To win has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in development where there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> an RNA virus , or DNA that 's not going to recognize , call the health of health and , in the first place , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the highest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just had the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is giving the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds before you 've got to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What should happen ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of a economic collapse will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billion dollars in the global economy .
And more than more health , thanks to the <unk> , from a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three billion members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about a voices ever before ?
What if we give them to the weak , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What would these three billion ?
And if you 're contributions that ca n't predict ?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , led by his passion with a clear goal , you can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously able to do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folding determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing about medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played with this college professors , between others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people went together and began to play .
And it 's been demonstrated that today the machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the <unk> of the <unk> of <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we have to work on to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few decades ago .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the departure .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed he was born finches , but it was n't .
You actually pick fish .
And he described one of them as a great thing .
It was grouper .
He was caught so much until the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : the displacement of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , studying the water in West Africa .
He was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , from the mangrove .
There was <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the <unk> of black beard .
And the fisheries of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going for a good moment , so it was made more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the amount of fish had fallen in half .
Let 's go to the five centimeters .
You 're going to get a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was invested in the introduction of fishing fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , it started in <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
fishing development was imposing to the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fisheries .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called four .
I went out to fishing in it , and we did studies in the southern Sea Sea and , especially in the Java Sea .
What we did is we captured it out there .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fishes are tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny remains , remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck , and then he was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start commercial fishing .
The background happens to be a soft coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat eating it . They did n't eat it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was good food .
This mountain of remains is what they 're collected every time they go to an area that they 've never got fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
The point of departure , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this stuff .
On the axis , we have good things : biodiversity , lots of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do n't mean .
Every generation , we use the images , received the first of their conscious life as the normal , and I extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't see the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the pattern of changes .
And at the end , they keep miserable remains .
And that 's how we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies do kill animals without knowing what they 've done to about generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before extinct , it 's unlikely .
You do n't lose abundant animals .
You lose animals soon .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focused on big animals , and in a synonymous sea of big fish .
They become unusual , because they take them off .
Over time there are few fishes , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , who was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence was in a previous way that they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some show , as a captain , as a captain , and that looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually they do n't use scientists from fishing , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From the enormous role that can be a protected marine zone .
Because with marine areas , we really recreated the past .
So let 's take the past that people ca n't think , because the starting point has been run and is extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that provides , which allows you to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in the Chesapeake bay -- 500 years ago .
And you have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about what people were in with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why they were doing with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in some sense , it 's lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I 'll give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II '' under the water .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube data manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So we 'll see why the videos are viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very hard .
But today , the web makes any of us , or of our actions , copper in a part of our world culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
There are over 48 hours of video YouTube to YouTube per minute .
And of those , only one small percentage is viral , he gets lots of visits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and factor factor .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my goodness .
Oh my God !
Wow !
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the end of popularity summer of the last summer .
<unk> was not saying to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had published many videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video of popularity .
The creators like Jimmy <unk> are presented to us new and interesting things and <unk> to a wider audience .
Rebecca : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everybody wants to get the end of a week , the end of a week . <unk> , Friday . You 'd go on Friday . KA : Do n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca of Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Just like `` gradients , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other spikes , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this Friday Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson Nelson , <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people in making a joke on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends embrace a view and share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts to talk about it and to do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> of `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the 20th century of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` Cat Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a <unk> music .
So that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours that has seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there 's cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Someone did a version of the old .
And then it was international .
Suddenly , it came a whole whole community of a pair community that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form part .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` Abegg '' or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat ? ''
What would script might have written that we would have written this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days per minute , just the unique and unexpected can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it out of the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the tickets to riders in New York , I 'll admit that I was not interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I 'm going to get a ticket for the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that get you out properly by the <unk> .
KA : Thank you to the surprise of surprise and his humor , the Casey Casey managed to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth for all the new we do .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The creators , the creative community communities , which is totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , a new culture , that we all have access and is the audience that defined popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
No permission to express their ideas .
Now we 're all a little of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and they 're just the current media , but we would have the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by the unique state of unity and freedom of his country .
Think of the time in <unk> in <unk> , in the fact that their life had been fully in vain .
The words , for so long , women friends , now make it fun .
It was <unk> in silence .
He was dead broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My job was not going to let that be in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of sunrise to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life was meant to a task alone : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
He was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> that challenges fiction , a boat stood up to the sea of fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The most fear was the pirates , rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother had a little bit like it with poison .
If we could , first we would take my sister and I would take it , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow is diving into each wave , and the vast horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled with the courage of the men in our ship , or the engine dying and not being able to start for six hours .
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the Malaysia coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , end the journey too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , because of the men in the platform .
None apple had after the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of class class whose population is comprised of migrants .
Unlike the middle of the middle class of the middle class , which I did n't know , in <unk> , no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the bits of English <unk> were traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a line of cars , working six days , double turn .
Still , I found time to study English and get a IT degree .
We were poor .
And all of the dollars was reported , and they would have an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , would n't mind what you should take , which was usually new clothes ; it was always two hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to hide holes from the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there was weird <unk> and <unk> on <unk> , and some graffiti : `` Love , go home . ''
A house , where ?
Something in me <unk> .
He was accumulating determination and a voice that he said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister , my sister and I had a <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was every night , but we told us about our day and we were hearing our grandmother 's movements at the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be empowered .
She opened a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women came to their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were caught caught between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian scholar , relentless with what I was doing .
In the other , it was very rapidly in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received it through the years .
And because of that work , when I was studying my last year , I was elected the young September of year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but their edges did n't fit .
So , `` <unk> <unk> <unk> , '' was now as well as her , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites that I had never heard of , and in homes that she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters just end the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> over the day of each one , and he 's going to <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom who could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when she got to the ship .
The `` No '' had never been an option .
`` Do , '' he said , `` and you do n't be what you do n't . ''
So he talked about <unk> and education and <unk> to the slums and the exposed .
And the more frankly he talked about it , the more I was going to talk about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I ended my bachelor 's , I realized I could n't stay in a race of law .
I had to have another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a <unk> , new in the scene -- and not just just be good , but that 's something that 's grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean the horizons , you can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
So I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks , but not the way we fear .
You would have had to have been <unk> , they were tremendously tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
You 're going to go into a small group of people for the slogan `` ca n't be done . ''
For one year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , he made a giant pot of soup that we all shared .
It 's going to be <unk> at the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
It took the decision to move to the United States .
after a journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died soon after she was born .
The mother grew up alone .
The 17 became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat beat .
Without his husband 's support , he caused a <unk> to <unk> , and he causes her cause , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
It ca n't be done to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died , to 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and we sat around his casket .
We tell stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to go to her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since tomorrow , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Because that we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men that would have come to our lives would have frustrated .
The defeat would have been easily fooled .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the ship .
Who could want that to do to know ?
However , I 'm afraid to the privilege of how easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , scuba diving on each wave , the constant rates of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if you could take it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the age of the old Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a cart and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when we were <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , had <unk> , and he took a bow and with a <unk> to the ground , got water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced with magic .
And that 's an awful lot .
Every time I was feeling a little bit more <unk> .
I 'm going to have this idea of losing the capacity of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends to my friends .
It seemed like technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
As a girl , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world filled with images , of pirated and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent <unk> .
We 'll have our inspiration .
So I launched myself , and I threw this technological world to see how to create magic , rather than kill her .
<unk> books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling that could connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where are we .
They set out the text with the picture , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that do ?
I 'm about throwing <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
It says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I 'm a character of the book .
In several times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- which is led to me .
My inner child are excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean wizards and dragons , but that magic of childhood , to those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a bottle was always pretty exciting .
So over here , we have to change the iPad to releasing fireflies .
And really , you light up your way in what 's from the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every single world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside of the device .
And this opens up a map .
In the whole book , there 's been maps , but they have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it 's also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another important aspect of me is to create Indian content and the contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairy and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child .
In a story that 's dealing with today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't come to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out , take the camera or the iPad , and collecting images of different natural objects .
As a girl , I had a lot of collections : from sticks , stones and shells and shells .
For some reason kids do n't do it .
So to recover this childhood ritual , you have to go out , and , in one chapter , I would put a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tagging .
So , this way , it creates a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A picture of London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
Within the variants of the connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book we have an interaction in which you get out with the iPad and the video on , and by using augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the nature of nature is <unk> with technology and magic , and technology is going to come back to another .
We would have the power of the sun .
We 're moving to our kids and we are in the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop hearing patients .
And one of the things that we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a conductor of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you , and I asked patients , family and known , what happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that all , or perhaps not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , we stop hearing .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a switch on and off .
Every morning I get to me .
And yeah , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to 95 degrees .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to , it sends my data to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him too . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I needed assistance , or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have over 4,000 Twitter followers .
So every morning , I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before you go up to my car , people start telling me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the pairs used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also so that patients stopped smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week to be available .
This little <unk> <unk> to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , <unk> their doctor , and share with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients take a position , they come back to recover , and to be the captains of their own ship , but we can also help health care because of the challenges that we face , as the shot of the attention of <unk> attention , the <unk> of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also going through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to want to do with you with a video .
We all have <unk> <unk> .
Maybe we have our cell phones .
We know exactly where ATMs are in <unk> .
But where you 're all the <unk> .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get <unk> lives at this moment .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that : If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , <unk> where , and when it 's open , because when it 's open , because they 're open , you know , sometimes you open in schedules .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was looking for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks we use their mobile phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to be <unk> in the world .
We 're <unk> all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of the <unk> worldwide .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody burned , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us believe these <unk> .
You might be a messaging service or people of telephony , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in place .
Please help us and not just improve health , but to take the control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my photography .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I joined my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I use the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a picture of a picture with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pressing .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that started by press the trigger .
This is how this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite it , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common target to keep the level of realism .
And when I say realism I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
We 've got to think about one moment to figure out the trick .
It 's more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Do you get the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But ultimately it 's about our way to play the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we make different pieces of reality and we bring them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable , which we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in some ways you can create something that even looks three-dimensional , as if it was .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain is not accepted the fact that it really does n't make any sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really in combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think they 're those ones that we do n't even think of , the things that are around us in our everyday lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise you look bad .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Second , the pictures combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are doing with these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the picture was made .
This is another example .
You might think this is the picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is fully composed of the photographs of different places .
So I think it 's easier to create a place that will find it because you do n't need to be able to put the ideas in the head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in winter , I knew that I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even did the red house at the top of the island so that they seem to seem to seem to appear .
So to achieve a realistic result , I think it 's missing planning .
I always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well intended .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder of mine .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is a analysis that we 've been doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of the local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other people we tend to see , is a straight line in scale .
In other words , each step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something strange here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please light the lights .
It 's more intensity because write about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves in scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which , say , these are the years , or some of the time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to draw , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this is , it 's a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation technology as fast as microprocessors , we could take a cab and being in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't happen to that rate .
There is no precedent in the history of the technological development of growth that every few years of magnitude of magnitude .
The question I want to do is -- if you look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't go forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's get one of two things .
Or it 's going to be in a typical curve like this until it comes to something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
We would now be in the middle of a transition .
This line is in a transition from what used to be the world , a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask myself , is , what is that new form that takes the world ?
What new state is going to go ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember the future of the future in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see the future remains 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think you should feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years , because it 's all so different that I can see what we 're doing today has no sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it could be , how it could be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have to do with technology and computing technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at the long-term stuff .
The scale of time that I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So we go back about a half billion years when the Earth was a big rock rock with a lot of chemicals that would spread around them .
If we look at the way that chemicals organized us , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that moment , I 'd floating on some of the oil of the oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside their inside .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that were made to incorporate material from the outside , and the blobs grew up .
And they started divided .
In some sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those of the oil of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them had a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time you 've been divided to <unk> a unequal distribution of chemicals that they had .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the blobs that somehow became better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around , they grew more , more chemicals and split more .
Usually lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things got interesting , when these blobs have learned the trick of abstraction .
So we do n't understand very well that we have learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , we 're going to have this evolution of meaningless , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our prescription , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white dust that I 'm trying to hide the security people security .
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data into this piece of DNA and it would be 10 at 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of for everyone here -- in fact , for every single person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , it would have put it into a virus , and it would have spread it up in the room .
What was the next step ?
I write DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells were happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened where things were very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming as a cell communities .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
That way , for example , evolved antibiotic resistance .
And some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and the <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are lots of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place that they would train communities that , in a way , they were together in that , and established synergy .
So they survived or failed together , or that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community , they would say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the tipping point occurred when these communities were approached by so much that , they came together and decided to write all the prescription of the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And in that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we 're a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't work without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved , and they 've got more interesting levels than cell phone , which we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than process data in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that process the information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learning not to eat some fruit because he knew bad , and got sick last time he ate .
That could happen during the life of an organism since before they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system build those information structures completely accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to an individual .
It could happen in time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in head .
Now , I 'm here by sitting around with a <unk> , and hopefully building a similar idea , vague and <unk> , in their heads that saved some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated , we turned it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowed to begin as a organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started doing abstractions .
We 're now spending through periods like the multicellular organisms , and we 're going to have our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , computing , the video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we 're now building to deal with that information .
And that adds up to something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You see the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> that made some evolution with the <unk> program , to our eyes .
And now we have accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of the story that would tell you about taken billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next thing , the language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the following , like the electronics , it seems to take a few decades .
The process goes back , I suppose , <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own rate of change .
The more it changes , the faster .
And I think that 's what we look at in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process goes back .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would not be possible without the technical advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that drug of connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with the <unk> designers , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that was before you could n't , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes you use methods that we do n't even understand good .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine , a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , you can run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions , to play all those programs , and take those people that are more attached to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let me say I want to order for numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to order .
Of course , it 's unlikely that random random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them succeeded .
But , luckily , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did ?
So we would have those and <unk> the rest .
And now I would have a <unk> , which best ordered the numbers .
And we 're going to go back to <unk> in a kindergarten process . ''
Take two programs , that <unk> children , and that the kids would <unk> the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please , the process . ''
Let 's zoom in again .
So , we would have some mutations .
And it 's trying again and <unk> with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
By the end , we end up with programs that are absolutely perfect .
In fact , it 's a lot more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
It 's dark , strangers .
But they 're doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of the target because they come from a hundred thousand programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on this .
I was once on a 747 with mind , and she takes a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This plane '' has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer safe flight .
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they 're complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that are .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
We now use those programs to make much faster computers , and so we can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it 's self-fulfilling .
The thing gets faster and faster , and so I think it looks so confusing .
Because all of these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're in a moment analogous to organisms when it became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we 're the final product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now it 's the lunch , and I think stop here before I 'm going to get it .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced enough time to allow me to give me part of my false prestige in that .
Before I treat the topic of my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of surprising statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out , `` <unk> the rules , '' talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it .
It 's called average .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the bat <unk> <unk> , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of the game without being caught , and that anybody who 's going to take it to the first base , not to get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts to 10 attempts .
You know how to call a <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know how to call a baseball <unk> ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's about 10 strokes , they get four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player from the Major League of <unk> to the more 400 stroke in a regular off-season .
Now I 'm going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis and they are derivatives to a surgeon that has also a record record in <unk> .
So it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you 're living in a remote place and a loved being has two arteries , and your family 's doctor is derived to a cardiologist whose record record is about 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's better improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think must be the average of a heart of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> ?
A thousand , very good .
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or medical care .
What we do , however , is send them to the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that <unk> when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test .
Maybe .
You 're going to go into my little <unk> , in the Financial Hospital of Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my class of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the <unk> of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and the not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the <unk> <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was very good . I graduated with honor .
And you know , <unk> of the school school with the impression that if you 're going to get everything , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because that 's how I got out of errors .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service , where I was working .
At the time I was assigned to the cardiology of cardiology .
And when I was applying to a cardiologist , I would go to a cardiologist .
And to report the head of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was gasping .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which was given me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these blood fill , and that 's why there 's difficulty to breathe .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in their heart .
I gave them <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And it was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two errors .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't pick up the phone , and I did what I should have done , which was called my boss and <unk> with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to be able to give you a few information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By sending it home , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said , `` Goldman , not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , it was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if he 's going to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think being good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance had taken their home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I followed my job .
At the end of the day , I packed out to leave the hospital , and I walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home , I did something I do n't usually do .
It happened by the emergency service service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady before , but another . He said three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are scared too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients .
The three words are : Do you remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient sent home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was good .
But I went back and on the end of death .
In an hour of having come to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a crash and his family called 911 , and the United States brought her to emergency with an blood pressure pressure , which means a severe shock .
I just breathe and was blue .
The emergency staff will run all their resources .
They gave medication to climb up the blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the bone marrow .
He had a mix of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive therapy and I was expecting all of the hope that he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that never <unk> .
He had an irreversible damage damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they would get to what was happening .
And by the ninth day , he stopped going . The <unk> lady , wife and grandmother .
They say they 're never forgotten the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm going to get it out of it and experienced for the first time that there is in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling a healthy shame because you ca n't get them with your colleagues .
You make peace and never more make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's what tells us not that what we did was bad , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that I would make things , and he assured me that I do n't know me .
And I kept doing those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he sent her home ?
And in my worst times , why I made a mistake as dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Shortly to little that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a cloudy day , it opened the sky and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if we were going to take the efforts to be perfect for not making more errors , I would go through those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it happened .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain in your throat .
I was very busy .
And he would point here .
I looked at his throat , was a little bit like <unk> .
He was <unk> and sent it to her home .
But while he went to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to doing my guard change , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I gave the three words : Do you remember you ?
Is it ?
Well he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
I had a mortal condition called <unk> .
You can look for it in Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but the upper air goes , and that can cause the close to those tracks .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
It was managed by <unk> , and they fall down to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then I was thrilled and went back to work , until it happened again and again , and again .
Two times in the same turn of the E.R , not <unk> appendicitis .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were <unk> to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't have sent home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of your kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking a certain sensitivity in the bottom right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
He would have a fluid for <unk> and I asked my colleague to give him it .
I looked at it , and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , I called the surgeon .
And both of those were operated and they recovered well .
But every case I 'm <unk> , I 'm sorry .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful have been for the last five years .
Just , embarrassed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't go back and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I could go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure ?
Of course at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you ca n't hear somebody talking about their own errors .
And if I knew , and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital , the wrong leg , believe he would have difficulty looking at your eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of errors .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who ca n't sleep , and those who can not sleep , and those who have <unk> results and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as the antibodies you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you step aside from medicine to people who make mistakes , we will be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of medical care and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that errors are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where the mistakes occur every day , in which one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where the infections are more and more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 20,000 Canadian errors for preventable doctors .
The American Institute of American Medicine established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And that 's what things are .
A intensive system where knowledge is added every two or three years , and we do n't <unk> .
<unk> deprivation 's deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect record of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it comes along with <unk> eyes and with breath to alcohol , and suddenly my story was <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always as well .
And my patients are not cars . They would n't have their symptoms always in the same way .
So for all of this , errors are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we remove all the professionals prone to mistake , good , no one .
And with that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white , white art , '' is already a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the room to the head of heart surgery : `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your errors ? '' And we 'll get the microphone to
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , go down my head and <unk> saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where you can do it .
They need a medical culture .
And it starts with a physician every time .
The redefined activist is human , it 's known human , and they accept it , and it 's not proud of their errors , but it 's intended to learn from what happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their errors .
You know , the mistakes of other people do n't have the intent to get , but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes once when .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a storyteller .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm a lot of effort to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
You know how many decisions we took a day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
Recently , I did a survey in more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to choose an American American , they 're about 70 a day .
It 's not a lot ago , in a research , followed by a week to a group of presidents of companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time that we were trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs .
So , naturally , every single job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions were nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time .
Now think of their choices .
You know how many of you are in the age of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do you figure out how to deal with those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choose to use options .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I do a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I do a question , if you do a question , if you 're positive , please give you an envelope .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choices ?
Thank you .
As a graduate graduate student at Stanford University , we would have a very high level at Stanford , very high , at least in that time , very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
It was like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we were taking water on the tap .
I loved going to that store , but I said , why never buy anything ?
This is the oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including those who were in sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him , `` Does this strategy to offer all these choices ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came all day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .

They had different classes .
<unk> a post for <unk> , right to the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or about 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what was people willing to be willing to be able to try to try to try to test the jelly ?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what was more prone to buy a blade of jelly .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Of those who stopped when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the math , people had six times more likely to buy if they were six , that if they were 24 .
Well , to decide we do n't buy jelly jelly , you probably want to buy us , it 's less good to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us to really extreme decisions .
We decided not to decide , even when this is not the same .
Now the topic of day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions on savings of about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of money offers available in retirement plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that I actually had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two , to 59 options .
We found that the bigger the number of funding used , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funding , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you 'd like .
And in the plans that would deliver about 60 dollars , the rate of participation went down to the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decided to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the greater was the number of choices , more people would be able to avoid their actions or investment funds .
As soon as there were more options , they were more willing to invest on market market market .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize the financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer them more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , that <unk> even when this is going against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
You 're more prone to pick things less satisfying , even though they 're objectively better .
The main reason is that you 're going to look at that giant variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that stunning exhibition .
Today I want to tell you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in a form or another , in different research , so you can try in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They 're worried about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're looking at is that if you decide to cut , get rid of weird redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales , we 'll get the costs , will be a better experience in the election .
When I was <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & <unk> to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate corporation eliminated the products to trash cats that less sell , they have increased profit to 87 percent , by two causes : larger sales and lower costs .
You know that the supermarkets today , on average , it 's worth 45 products .
In a grocery store , it 's offered a 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world is <unk> , and it provides only 1,400 products -- a type of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choice is the question of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are automatically transmitted to a safe fund of life .
The people who really want to choose , are offered 20 dollars , not 300 or more .
You know that often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
These are all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell the word , you ca n't make your customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on vacation with all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the gift of Gary .
( few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
Is n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually heard more hands .
Very good .
And actually , you had more information in the first round , which is in the second , but I can go back and say they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made more real .
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of options .
So people understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why is people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use your debit cards or credit , when you use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out that it looks more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We had a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were going to have a 401 plan .
At that meeting , the exact way we used to be used , we did a little addition .
So what we 're going to do is we 're going to appeal to the personal things that you think about the positive things that we 're thinking about their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , from four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hall .
We saw that in supermarkets , it 's all over the corner of the northeast row , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because rating me tell me how to be able to be able to be able to tell you .
These are two displays of jewels .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> , you 'll go on it .
( few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think that on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> , you 'll go on it .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> , but , you know something ?
This scheme of rating is totally useless .
categories have to tell you something that you choose , not that defined them .
You often see this problem with those enormous money lists .
Why is that informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think , if you only do it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; they buy it from a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows us to be completely entirely .
You have to take 60 decisions , to make the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one .
<unk> , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
He Motor was , and four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order of making decisions .
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what do I look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're always <unk> the default default button in every decision , this indicates they 're overwhelmed , or whether we 're losing it .
We found that the ones that are going to have a lot of options , put the button to a defect over and again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from few choices to many , they go up there .
The same data , the same amount of choices .
The only thing I did was to change the order of the information .
If we started with how easy , you learn to choose .
Although we choose the changes of changes , I do n't say anything about the preferences of hydrogen decoration , in all ways we 're ready to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building is that we 're building more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options : <unk> , eliminating weird alternatives -- <unk> , making it real , we can handle more categories with fewer choices ; we can get complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to choose .
And the more careful we are in our best choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Russian Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to go to the government .
I had to record a piece of text on the machine .
And this so that the government could track the origin of texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , you can track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't imagine that somebody could do this , so much that this will be <unk> freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having a little yellow little bit on each page that you 're doing with a pattern that makes them own and from your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody looks a lot like this .
This is an example of the shapes that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems on the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world we can put together the attacks of their bombers .
There are three major groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. swaths <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks for a lot of money , a huge amount .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , which would make money with their attacks .
This is Dimitri <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys are making their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means through banking trojans to rob money when we buy it online , or steal our key to get data from our cards when we buy our own cards when we buy a infected computer .
The secret secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is going to be able to make her stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is bad at worse .
In the future , most of the crimes of online crimes .
The second group of terror in importance we look at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them the protests , they motivate them opinions , they motivate laughter .
We like Anonymous , like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three major bombers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> as Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national the United States that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority of the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
The last fall of the last fall because of a <unk> .
It would be the safety of the site and it would be <unk> .
Last week , I said , in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they could find death from people because of the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die because of a attack of these ?
<unk> is a <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
What 's the certificate ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except it would be a foreign authority authority .
And that was a <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were reflecting the headquarters for the Egyptian secret , in April 2011 , and during the reshaping of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was a notes of a company who was based in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communication of the citizens of the country .
They 'd sold this tool for 10,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to make this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by government government to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a modern criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
The Internet connection .
We were even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to discussions online , to get our data .
When we think about things like this , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it looks like a bad thing , but it actually does n't affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
privacy is not dispute .
It 's not a matter of privacy against safety .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could rely on our governments today in 2011 , any right that <unk> today , will be forever .
Are you blindly blindly in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that are worried about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in southern National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , the background , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park has no fences at most of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like the lions , they follow , and this is what they do .
We 'll get our cattle .
This is one of the people who killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only front we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up very much like lions .
They were dying of them who protect our community and cattle , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that was going to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually , it did n't work , because it even helped the lions to see the breath of far away .
I did n't give up . He continued .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
It was trying to analyze the lions so they believed that I was near the pen .
But lions are very smart , and they came up the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing is not moving , it 's always here . So I jumped and killed .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch with the one that you 'd turn to the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
Let 's get it all .
As you can see , the solar panel load the battery , and the battery would spread the electricity to the little box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the <unk> light .
As you can see , the <unk> will go out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how they see the lions when they come from night .
The <unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had a problem with the lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
And she had killed a lot of animals that were killed by a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
You can see it . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also using it to be used for plywood .
Because of this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a grant in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise money and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and we set up lights in the houses they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So , one year ago , it was just a child in the grasslands of the savanna , the cows of my father , and he used to watch airplanes , and I was saying that some day would be within one .
And today I 'm here .
I got the opportunity to come in the first time at TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue it means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you get a grant . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electric inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA : One near electrical ?
<unk> : I know they invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So I 'm going to do it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but let 's go , because I got a <unk> . CA : While the cannon . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to <unk> in every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much .
When I was a little , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed all the time by studying Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea until everything changed suddenly .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister .
That he said , `` When I do this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
As soon as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child in his arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one helped them , because they were very concerned about themselves and their families .
A huge famine hit North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
At the end , over a million North North North North North North North North America died during the famine , and only a few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent the energy cuts , everything around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , just across the river from my home .
I always asked me why they had light and we were not .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is the <unk> stream of North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow on certain points , allow North North North North North North North North North Koreans .
But many people die .
Sometimes I see bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I salt from North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take that for 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life as a refugee refugee .
But I soon learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but dangerous , because the refugees North North China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination in North Korea .
A day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Someone had been accused by being <unk> , and then I put my skills into the Chinese language and made a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to exploit .
If it was n't natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and he said questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a official told another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And I stopped going . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many of them can be arrested for the Chinese and <unk> police .
These women were very lucky .
Although he had caught it , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North North North North North North North North North North North Korea are captured in China and <unk> North Korea .
But I was lucky to escape , many other North North North North North North North North North America .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard only to survive .
And even after learning a new language and find work , everybody can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hide my identity , I decided to be risky going to South Korea .
And I started new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge of what I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all the Koreans , but inside , we have become very different due to 67 years of division .
Even through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly there was no country that I could call with pride .
Although we were <unk> in South Korea was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the test of income to university .
Just when I started to <unk> my new life , I received an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities had some money sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to flee away immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North America have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could not speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , over three thousand miles across China and then throughout Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and talking to a official of the Chinese police .
He asked the identification of everyone , and he started asking questions .
As my family could not understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came up to my family , I would save myself standing and I said they were people who were accompanying .
I looked at me <unk> , but fortunately I believed it .
We made all the way to the Laos border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribing border border in Laos .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border illegally .
After paying paid tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did all by releasing my family , and we were so close to my family , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from the South Korea .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man 's voice , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised to ask to ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and the other two North North North North North North North North North North North North North North Koreans .
I thank you all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping to the <unk> people . ''
I realized that it was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unfamiliar would be a new hope for me and to the people that we needed when we needed it , it was .
And I showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the people of the village needs .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I came together in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half of the battle .
Many North North North North North North North North North North North North North America are separated from their families and when they were going to go to a new country , they start with little or nothing of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , language practices , labor practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with relatives still , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , and I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North North North North America a chance to thrive .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North North North North North North North North North North North North Koreans .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> shops , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else , so they changed to the South angels , as if this is what it 's really wrong in the city .
This is the South angels . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , the South Center , home from the places of food to bring and to eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of disease illness in Los South Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I ask myself , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come from home , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I look at wheels , and they 're sold as used cars .
I see <unk> centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of trying to run 45 minutes to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was plant a forest forest in front of my home .
In a <unk> of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 meters 11 me .
The point is , which belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what me come in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
So it was like I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we got together and started to plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group in advance composed of all the backgrounds , from all the city and completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city was given to me , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my yard , the <unk> was made of court .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A <unk> order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the Green <unk> , who put a request in <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> , I 'd even call it to say that they were <unk> and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more terrain .
It 's about 68 miles of <unk> terrain .
That 's about 20 <unk> <unk> .
That 's enough space to plant millions billion plants .
Why the hell do n't you like this ?
You 're going to make a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my civilization , when I say to people , cultivate your own food .
You 're going to get your own food as you print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . I 'll get my kids out there .
I 'm going to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I would land soil , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do , if you stop your canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is , and how people affect people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , to transformation from my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how kids affect kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother and his daughter , they were like the groupers at night and they were in my kindergarten , salt and looked very <unk> .
I , good , man , I feel bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt embarrassed by looking at people who was so close to hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't you agree that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to make your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a hut for homeless homeless in the center of Los Angeles .
There were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them , and how used to plant their mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has arrived maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all in volunteer plan .
If kids are growing <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes , but if nothing of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and your body , eat blind what you put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're caught , I see kids of color that are on this path designed for them , which is not going anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are able to train these kids who have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe we produce the next George Washington Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take a container and turn them into healthy coffeehouse .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because it 's not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability , is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of working to people on the street , and you know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you have to pick up their butts right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , good , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come into the garden with your butts so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , in which it 's a lot of time .
You can have a huge amount of water on the asphalt that goes into .
And especially if you 're on your bike and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to do road asphalt roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so all the rain of rain flow up to the side and you have a road that 's easy to drive , and not <unk> water .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all noise will disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is it going to get ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then many more and more and so -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can not harm your windscreen , and you 're not happy to that .
And finally , this can also bring more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create potholes with that .
Oh , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , you can be able to become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material .
It 's a light asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little amount of <unk> between stones .
Because of the power , to the ultraviolet light , to biologists , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you 're <unk> , they will be able to spread and separate from the <unk> .
So if you drive around the road , you 'll bring the <unk> -- as we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , that to clean <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you need to do is to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow of these <unk> , and the stones were attached to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great <unk> machine here .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the shows up , which I 'm going to take up to see what happened .
This is the show that goes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government , you actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to do a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tried them in the lab .
We had the samples aging , we had a lot of burden on them , and then we had a lot of load in them , and then with our bike machine , and the branches and we went back to prove .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using the energy of induction for , actually , increase the life of the surface of the road , you can even double the lives of the surface , you can even double the lives of the surface .
And now , of course , you have curiosity of whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how to repair it .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember my woken up one morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My dad was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news generally <unk> it .
`` The Taliban were , '' I yelled my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said to me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban was <unk> in Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school .
For the next five years , I was <unk> as a child to <unk> my eldest sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both be able to educate them .
Every day , we made a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books in the market so that they seem to be shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us tight in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were going to be able to <unk> our lives , the teacher , students and our parents .
Every single time , school was suddenly closed for a week , because the Scottish Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province of Afghanistan , which is that his daughter , my mother , out to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is she .
It was taken two years ago , just to make our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk not to educate her kids .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were times that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can <unk> your money . You can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So even do you want to go on ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family had no state to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I 'm here proud of graduate school in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was <unk> from his home by the courage to educate his daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He was not just <unk> from my university title , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm driving by the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global condition of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> by them , despite the front of an absolute opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you your face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month , he and his daughter went out of the way from <unk> to his village , and literally , they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to his house , they 're the phone , a voice , he noticed that if he was going to send his daughter to school , they would go back .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but I do n't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized about Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us who we succeeded , there 's a parent who recognized the value of his daughter , and that sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , it 's often the first <unk> <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who were to school are in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls are going to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I fear that these changes did n't last much , after retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were doing for them , that the ones , I see a <unk> future and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never have to go back to a sudden Gaddafi . ''
It 's been almost two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the surge of <unk> mass , both of the Tunisian <unk> of the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and started a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were in the forefront , and they get the fall of the regime , carrying up for freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've been shown by a courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal warfare and a loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , culture and the moral structure of society 's society .
It 's aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , next to many other women , to rebuild the civil society , to rebuild the inclusive , and just to democracy and the national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , almost 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we started the <unk> of Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> range of women and by our right state of participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was more and more <unk> , which is <unk> from the selfish policy of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , gradually the exhilaration of election and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of mosques 's <unk> of mosques and graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the murder of American ambassador and the attack to <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of government officials .
And every day , every day we woke up with the government of the militia and their full violations of human rights and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , made by a revolutionary mindset , and it 's gone more away from the ideal and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
The intolerance , the exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all to inspire you with our story of the `` <unk> list '' and the election .
I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose to make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize good .
Because the election did not brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between the candidates and so inspired by a national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with the selfish policy of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Maybe what was missing was n't only women , but the women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and creating a consensus more than the election needed , which only <unk> polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative depiction of the females that will need the numerical representation and quantitative of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage of outrage , and call it days of anger .
We need to start acting as <unk> and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which is not only <unk> , but also puts mercy instead of revenge , the collaboration instead of the competence of competence , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideal that an Libya , shattered by war , desperately desperately needs to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between the female perspectives and the male .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we can do it .
According to a <unk> of the Koran <unk> -- peace -- `` That 's the word of God , <unk> . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known to all of the traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- <unk> , and maternal and maternal , which is all the humanity of men and women , of which all the tribes and all the villages have been <unk> .
And so , as the womb covers completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is affecting all of the existence .
So it goes to us , `` My mercy has all things . ''
So it says , `` My mercy is mainly about my anger . ''
That all of us would have to give you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to tell you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that you 're all doing always : Why is she left ?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who gets me ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , and he did n't use domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and the editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> American Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , and I believed my twin soul , and he went to his head with a gun , loaded with bullets from <unk> .
The man , the one who loved anybody in this world , put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love of love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 , between those Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years old with my second husband and have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all of the religions , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody think domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse only happens in close relationships , interdependent and long duration or , in the families , the last place where we would want or expect to find violence , reason by which , the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to stand with a man who gets in , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners , dating and elderly husbands in the United States .
I also got a typical victim because I did n't know about domestic violence , their warning signs or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York , and he started <unk> with me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he also had a university from a university of the League of school and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what I was most impressed in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed a guy from the field .
I had some big <unk> as apples , and a broken hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the most intelligent things that did <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did about everything at the beginning of a pedestal .
So we started coming out , and he loved it all of me , which was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who had passion to help girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done .
And so it was why the bachelor 's in that Big School and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and to leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to make it sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , left my job and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was entering head in a physical , financial trap and carefully <unk> .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come into the scene .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where I was supposed to be able to feel so sure they bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
The other one followed under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived small .
I needed to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never raised my hand , my life was already in danger , every single minute of every day .
The first physical attack was five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put the girlfriend suit from my mother and marry him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were happy forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me too much .
And it was very , very disappointed .
There was just a very overwhelmed very overwhelmed by the wedding and by the fact of a family with me .
It was a isolated accident , and I would never make any harm .
I spent two times more on our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong in my head that we were doing a few times against the car window .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back to our honey moon , and he would spread out of the traffic , and I got a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> followed by <unk> or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
When I thought it was the only in this situation .
One of three American women is a domestic violence victim , or bullying at some time of his life , and the Center for Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So actually , it was very good .
To go back to my question , why am I ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know that he was abusing me .
In the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a very <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help be able to face their demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why is n't it just going to go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone anywhere .
For me , this is the most sad question and agonizing that people , because we are the victims , we know something that normally you do .
Because the last phase in the <unk> of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the way to the relationship , after they go , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and the manipulation of the family judicial system for <unk> to the victim and their children , which are typically forced by judges to spend time not to be able to give their mother .
And yet we keep asking why it 's just not going ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> , beating my denial .
I realized that the man who loved it so much , would have killed me if it was allowed .
So I broke silent .
I told everybody around the world , to my neighbors , my friends and family and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as scary headlines , <unk> women , injured goods .
The question , `` Why is it ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` fault is yours to stay , '' as if the victims were structured in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a hopeful lesson from what happened to them , and that would be their lives joyful and happy and happy and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a <unk> of domestic violence .
I went back to marry a nice and nice man , and we have those three kids .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do , never , is a loaded gun pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says I want to .
Right now , they 're just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , what stupid time was , `` but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , which are listening to me right now , who are being abused or that they were from small or that they 're <unk> .
<unk> could be affecting his daughter , his sister , to his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking silent .
And I keep doing today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Speak out what you 've heard here .
The abuse will thrive in silence .
They have the power to end with domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the <unk> to the light talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
And we would see their vision of survivors as great and lovely people , who have a full future .
You know , <unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climbing and show the victims safe .
And together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call it Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be accurate , for 10 years ago .
And I feel that at this moment there is a uncomfortable tension in the room because I should n't have a dress like this . luckily , I have brought clothes to change .
This is the first change in clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to get them now , but I 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about as only 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less evil I do n't have to use it .
The worst part is going to go through this sweater by head , because it 's when you go to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything as I covers my head .
Very good .
Why do I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I have completely changed what you thought about six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
And the photographer was totally awkward and the photographer was told to me that I would break my back , and I would get the hair 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial tan as I did two days ago for work , there 's very little we can do to transform what , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , to be courageous , it means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how does it happen ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> came to me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I did a model is because he won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the <unk> of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries we have n't only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> figure , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , which I 've known to leverage for money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing you skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> <unk> to say -- Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , the <unk> to know so much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student in New York , told all and every single models on the runway , and the <unk> models , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , was n't white .
The next question that people always do is : Can you be a model when you 're older ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I did n't know .
But then , what I really would say to you every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be what you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , which would be impressive , because you 'd be the first .
If after this spectacular list , still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yes my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the head of the American American magazine or the executive executive director of an M & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that most of you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike the <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've got your studies , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you say , is , if you said , you know , you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model ' Model for 10 years , people would look very weird for 10 years ,
The next question that people always do is if all of the pictures are <unk> .
And I know , you 're pretty close all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my time .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a little girl .
So I looked next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I 'm in a slumber party a few days before the pictures for the French <unk> .
Here I 'm with my soccer team , and I 'm in magazine V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> , and they 're able to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you make things free ?
I have too many heels in 20 inches , and I never use it , except the couple before , but the privileges I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a store , and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he got a light in red and , of course , stood up , and it took a feeling , and it took an agent to keep driving .
I love these privileges for me , not because of what I 'm , and there are people who are paying a price for what they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers , the teenagers who have stood up and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black men and Latino in New York , so for them , is n't a question of me ?
But how many times do I get to me ? And when ?
When I do research for this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the girls from 13 years in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes up 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is : How is life from a model ?
And I think the answer you 're expecting is : If you 're a little bit thinner and you have the bright hair , you 're very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I have never said in front of them , it 's : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you 've ever asked , and if you 've got some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the more fashion clothes , but they probably are the most safe women on the planet .
But especially hard to analyze a situation of race oppression and gender when I 'm one of the greatest <unk> .
If there 's something that 's going to hold of this talk , I hope you 're all more comfortable with recognizing the power of the picture of the perception of the perception of the success and the failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since it was most enough enough to get a camera , but I want to share today with you my 15 pictures more precious , and I did n't go to me who got them .
There was no artistic directors , or <unk> , and no opportunity to repeat pictures , not even a low care of the lighting .
In fact , most of them took them together by random .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a speech , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He had happened to go back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same photo .
Well , you can imagine what 's coming now .
When the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , why do n't you get to New York City on a <unk> trip and you get the ritual ?
So here 's when we started asking the tourists that happened to us that they were going to take us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
Never no one has been denied and , fortunately , never no one has <unk> with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much the life would change this journey .
It became something holy for us .
This photo is about a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that I had happened that day as a five-year-old of five years I could understand it .
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop the time in a week of October , and we will think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , while we always took the same photo , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive it and interacts with everything .
That time in concrete that we go together is something that we hope with illusion every year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly , she stopped dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the tent that I loved in the previous visits .
And I described to me what had felt about five years of foot at that same place .
<unk> who remembered his heart <unk> with force when you see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what looks in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories .
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious of memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go in many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes off the picture .
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture , and you do n't have to be able to get into somebody and ask him , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do you have as bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughs like <unk> characters , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter and applause and <unk> , these are the attributes that they associate with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't hold the environment , the <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct , and , my favorite , the halls have better presence . There are two types of halls on this planet .
There are the <unk> of the New World that are found primarily in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the <unk> of the Old World , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction .
So , why should be important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our natural trash trash .
You 're going to get bodies to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria , they help absorb anthrax that it 's not going to spread and they would cause huge losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have demonstrated that in areas where there are no halls , the dead bodies take three to four times four times , and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases .
<unk> also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with the old Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protective and the maternity maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unity between the Alto and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the goddess of the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> .
In the <unk> culture , they 're doing a lot of very important burials to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood wood to <unk> , so these organisms provide a system of elimination of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with methane ?
We have eight species in Kenya in Kenya , which six are in the end of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the halls are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old , and the reason is because they fall against the consumption of cattle that has been treated with a drug , like <unk> .
This drug has been banned by using vet in India and have taken a position .
Because there 's no absence , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs in landfill .
Kenya is going to have one of the greatest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up from Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines are doing this to birds . They cut them by half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of dead organisms to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're doing these birds , we 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel for different countries , so focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with the local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the halls , the need to appreciate these amazing creatures and the services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . You know , their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , they will tell you about the halls , but they talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on the halls .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed , because he saw it fly without effort , without the energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Each thing I run and everything I do professionally -- my life has been taken for seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
In 1971 to 1977 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was cut .
I thought , in 21 , that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played was <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> <unk> , '' was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we get with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the people growing Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to be able to come to work , and sometimes , they did n't come to them , and sometimes we were in the local , in such a fertile valley , not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking how it was possible that we did n't know anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just time to save people in Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became very beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size , in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look , what easy is agriculture . ''
When tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river , and they ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? ''
I thought we only Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans did , what they did , the English , what they did , and then see what they were doing , I was pretty proud about our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
We 'll look at the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we would give you to the <unk> of Africa .
You want to read a book , read `` March '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , European donors , we have given the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I do n't tell you about damage that that money has caused .
Just read your book .
It 's from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners , we are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people just two ways : or we 're breadwinners , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , deal with any different culture as if they were my kids . `` I want you too much . ''
<unk> , I 'm trying to all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So the white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said by all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respecting .
This morning , the guy who opened up this conference put a stick on the ground and said , `` Can you imagine a city that 's not going to be <unk> ? ''
I decided for 27 years to answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never motivates anybody , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So , what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never gets to a community with an idea , and they sit with people in the room .
We do n't work in the office .
We got together in a cafe . We got together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is the passion .
You can give you an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we helped to find knowledge , because no one in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never perform , and they will never say , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The most intelligent people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't go to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family of the company , the family of the business of business , which is set up with you in his house , on the table of his kitchen , in the cafe , and that helps to find resources to transform their passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , the city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending trash where we get to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
And so the government goes up and I heard it . '' So , the government says , `` Come again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped about 40,000 business .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisers of history , died at '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death of the business of business .
So now we 're going to do now <unk> <unk> without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to talk to you .
You have to offer you some of them , privacy , has to be fantastic to help them , and then <unk> , will come in a mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What presentation you have to do more this morning ?
And that 's the very passionate of local people . That 's what you have <unk> .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution , not renewable fossil , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
So what we have to consider , is how we <unk> , cure , we 're educated , transport , we communicate , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 're the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read a lot of , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year of the year .
And in the modern year , he got together this group of people , and I 'm going to think about what happened to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York would not exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they talked , if the population keeps growing up to this rate , to bring the population in New York to the surrounding , <unk> six million horses , and the dung produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already thrown out in dung . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we would make life in New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in 1900 , in the United States showed <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in places like <unk> .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to a conversation with you .
Then you have to offer you a absolute , dedicated , <unk> .
And then , subsequently , you will have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a fantastic financial management .
You know what ?
We 've never met a human being in the world that can do , sell and look for money alone .
There does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie icons of Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it was started by a single person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` we , '' 32 times .
He was n't only when it started .
No one starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a little business in the middle of the small business sitting in coffee bars , in the bars with their dedicated dedicated people who will do for you , what somebody did for this gentleman , who talks about this limb , somebody who will ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you want to do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't change a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects emerged from questions like : how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Two and I 'm in love in New Orleans .
My soul always finds a relief with the giant <unk> , which give you a shadow of lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade in New Music . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world , but also one with the largest <unk> properties of the United States .
I live near this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a nice space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved it too much .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Her death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this led to me a deep gratitude for the living time .
He gave it clarity to the significant things about my life today .
But I 'll be able to keep this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to be able to be able to catch up the day and forget the really important one .
So with the aid of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house left on a giant board , and he painted about her phrases to be , `` Before I die , I want to do it . ''
So the balconies could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspiration in public space .
I did n't know how to wait for this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with , and I was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit at <unk> in the date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go more again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's Google . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be fully myself . ''
This space was a constructive and the dreams and hope of people got me laugh , I was <unk> , and they gave me comfort at hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone , it 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> , it 's about giving the reflection of the reflection and look at it , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year and began to get hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
And so with my colleagues in the civic community , we made a kit , and now they 've been done in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Argentina , Argentina , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our own age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is a short and delicate thing .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even think , but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that will be more empowered .
You think of the death of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope , fears and stories , the people who surrounds us ca n't only help to improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's very beautiful .
It does n't talk , but it 's transmitted better joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
The shares would happen what happens .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences and notice in this : never lied .
When singing songs from our childhood , trying to tell the words that I did n't even remember , it reminds me one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's high .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I was stole my <unk> , but he remembers the year that he came out every single songs of my iPod , conversations that we had when I was four years old , I would pee in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the birthday of Lady Gaga .
Do n't you seem amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit to the concept of normal society , often they are ignored and <unk> .
But what struck my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even if you consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain complex affecting social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , so it 's going to be so different to Sam .
And around the world , every 20 minutes , you 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and although it 's one of the developmental disorders that increases in the world , there 's no cause or cure .
I do n't agree with my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
It was a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , did n't seem very interested in me at all .
It was living in his own world , and it was in his own world , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting cars in line around the room , looking at the washing washing machine and eat anything that was between half .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences were made more obvious .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who looked the world without prejudice , a human being that had never lied lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult times in my family , times that I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that would not want to change by normal .
It 's normal about the beauty that give us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different vision of what it is right .
If you could reach one thing to <unk> and to Sam and you , it would be that they do n't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change in the time we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what must have been to be transmitted in the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a kind of communication to graduate students .
He was scared . It was really scared . It was <unk> from these students with their great minds , their big books and their big and unknown words .
But in the develop of those conversations , I felt like it was supposed to have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
So I sat when I had those conversations with students , and I surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to environment and health care , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are n't invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy , and that your engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
You do n't just say that we study the <unk> , but we study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understanding and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , carefully with the slang .
The lingo is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` space and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
It 's not the same thing that make them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
You can also communicate their science without compromise .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies . They are ways of connecting and <unk> with their content .
And when you present his job , forget about the signs of `` bullet '' .
Have you asked why `` bullets '' ? What do bullets do ? bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's held too much in the area of our brain and we 're overwhelmed .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective , it shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , namely , that the audience can understand if you lose a little , and , next , provide graphics that we 're going to do with our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it is .
I think these are just some key ones that can help the rest open the door and look at the country of the wonders of the science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a 19th scholar in the 19th century who defined her much better when he said , `` A <unk> , '' which seeks a public charge without matter , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it to the only use of a monumental <unk> <unk> .
I have no idea what `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to master the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the old-fashioned name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He was put in the Tower of London and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to face them , and ultimately he had a popular support in London he won .
And just a few years later we had the first use of the <unk> , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you how the words and policy interact , I want back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
You did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that you might have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call him `` Chief State of Washington , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the United States of America . ''
Not very appealing .
Some just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And not even with it was <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a given term .
And it could have served .
Everybody was immensely tired , because this debate would spread for three weeks .
He read the daily of a poor Senator Senator , and he was always writing , `` still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want to be able to be able to be able to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King by whether he was giving him to him or his misconceptions .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest title , more insignificant and more unfortunate than it happened .
And that title was `` President '' .
President . They did n't invent the title . There was just before , but it only meant `` somebody who would give a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I had no more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents of little colonial <unk> and problems of government , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was like .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and gathering foreign foreigner . ''
`` And who would you take seriously with a <unk> and insignificant title as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't know .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been given as the President of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to follow there , waiting for the Senate between the action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says as a temporary degree -- -- it 's possible that we 're going to continue to be able to get older years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of the United States does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the largest economy of the world and a <unk> vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story have threatened to the title of <unk> .
So ultimately won the Senate .
You got his title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness of then .
But , you know how many nations have a president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you say they 're now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with you .
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changed much more the words that they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
So I hear voices that talk about , but , above all , this cacophony of male <unk> and stones were sleeping with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap battery of light attached to his head with this elastic elastic , and I can hardly distinguish the branches that are holding the walls out of that hole in a meter that would fall hundreds of feet on the ground .
So , my hand was <unk> my hand , and suddenly I remember a miner that I met before , who lost the control , and I dropped countless feet into that pump .
As I 'm talking to you today , these men are in the deep way of that hole at risk without paid , and often , dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they probably never will , because they are prey prey .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Forest Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met an area of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as a degree .
When we end up talking to me very bad , I was embarrassed to ignore this terrible thing , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know it ?
I got a <unk> , and , weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to know the director of the <unk> the <unk> , and offer me my help .
So it started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them even considered my second home .
But this time , I 'm going to get the dirty laundry .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 10,000 dollars today .
But today , today , you can give entire families for generations to <unk> debt debt .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from about 13 million dollars a year around the world .
Many of them have been fooled with false promises of good education and better job to then discover that they 're forced to work without paid , under threat to violence and ca n't escape .
Today slavery is operating in trade , the service produced by slaves , they have value , but those who produce them are throwaway .
The slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange , strange show was like getting into the old Egypt or when he 's lost .
You 're going to go into a temperature of 54 C , men , women , in fact , entire families wrapped up in a heavy flowing of <unk> stacks in their heads , to 18 at the time , and they take them from the burning furnaces to the trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> , I was able to pee quite pretty inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot at touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better than these people .
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was next to me quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it . ''
And he explained to me very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship from that country .
He could put them in a situation worse than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work inside the system for his release and he trusted that it was <unk> .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayan , I found kids dragging stones during mountain ground to trucks that were expecting down .
These big things were heavier than the kids who have charge them and the kids holding them into their heads with <unk> <unk> , string and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some of them do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without <unk> because this has been all his life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When you hear the word of slavery often we think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with safety in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , women <unk> women who had been previously sexual slaves .
It led to me by a little bit of a little bit like you were going to get this dirty basement , tiny fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for posed prostitution .
They have small , private rooms , where the slaves were <unk> with their girls and kids , some of them only seven -- they 're forced to entertain the clients and to <unk> to buy more food and alcohol .
Each position is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their customers .
On the 1940s , I remember a sense of <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it must be in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I went into .
There was no back doors .
There were no windows big enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a topic so hard , it 's important to point that slavery , even sexual traffic , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 thousand Americans are sold every year as a sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often associate with labor labor .
I went to Indian villages in which there were entire families going into business trade .
This is a family portrait .
The <unk> hands of black is the father of blue and red , from their kids .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to my elbows , but it 's a toxic thing .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can be able to go out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 kids will fall into Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we get , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what it seemed like to be a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense right ?
Wrong . It was all slaves .
Kids are separated from their families sold , they were missing and forced to work on these boats on the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , he was shivering ; it was a subject that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by fear of falling into the water .
The <unk> branches of the trees submerged in Lake Volta 's often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they 're thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
A lot of people are eradicated .
Since he remember , it 's always been forced to work on the lake .
For fear of his love , it 's not going to run away , and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , it tries to the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were looking at the last networks , but they had been working from the one .
In the cold and windy night .
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village .
I met him in a hut where we were <unk> the <unk> of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes possible .
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in your life ?
They would go through a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his two-wheeler suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to get it through a dirt path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to go quickly .
And then he pointed out this path and he said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took the <unk> , and then , we were taking the <unk> , and after walking close to an hour , we found that the way was <unk> by the recent rain , so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as I 'd put it into these waters to the chest .
And after two hours of walking , the <unk> route ended up suddenly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field , and they were all filled with laborers .
A lot of women had kids attached to their back and , as they were looking for gold , they walked into the water water with mercury .
mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These mining mining are <unk> in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , given that many had been under land for 72 hours .
The wells have to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy heavy bags of stone that would then be transported to another area that we were able to get the stone to be able to extract the gold .
On the first sight , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but , if we look closer at the fence , we 're looking at others less lucky and also kids .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely to be able to be able to end up like this <unk> victim and the poisoning of mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , his uncle took him to work with him in mines .
When you die his uncle , <unk> <unk> , the debt of the uncle , which force to be slave in mines .
When I met him , he had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so it was so severe that doctors said that it was supposed to be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Still , he 's going to be released and educated with the help of the local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , in front of a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted to know that we will give testimony to them and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They 're people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's not one day that happens that I do n't think about these beautiful , battered people , that I 've had the great honor of knowing .
Now , I hope these images get a force in the people you see , in people like you , and I hope that that force will turn a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make the mathematical math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we 're like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try -- try to explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We had <unk> <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demand for an extraordinary training degree , a high level of skill , and probably some very initial competence that you can have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , which is something extraordinary , as it does with my friend 's friend <unk> that , in his time , was a <unk> ballet dancer .
Over the last few years , it has been made a lot of progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , it kicks , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we 'll know whether there 's a cure to be when we have an objective metric , when we have an objective metric .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disruption of movement is not biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it , it 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of clinical trials , you never get done . It 's never been done .
What if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could do the test themselves ?
You do n't need personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a <unk> way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all virtuous as my friend 's friend <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds to speak , we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it takes a level of extraordinary training .
Let 's think about time he takes a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal strings as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , also affecting the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom you can see a <unk> example of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
The vocal shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more silent and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with clinical clinical trials ? Well , they 're both invasive .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole number of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are accurate . Well , but they also have <unk> tests .
I mean , you can be <unk> .
They do very rapidly , they 're about 30 seconds as much .
They 're from minimal and we all know what 's happening .
When something takes so low , it appears to scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulty of patients .
I would n't have to go to the clinic for the routine <unk> .
We can actually get the targets .
We could actually make <unk> massive trials for clinical trials and , for the first time , <unk> automatically .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving the first steps , the first steps in that sense , we 're releasing the <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Any of them , or without Parkinson 's , you can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm happy to announce that we already have reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , can you say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What 's going to take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease . TR : Yes .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it up . You might not get it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data into different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for the confusion of confusion for the real markers of the disease .
TR : You have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
In reality , my <unk> student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's demonstrated that it works on the mobile network as well , what we 're going to take the project . We have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , audience .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March of 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We were <unk> in the dark , rooms without windows and , usually , avoid sunlight .
We do the thin thin models , even more thin , the perfect skin , we do n't make the impossible , possible , possible and criticize them in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a taste of the images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , as the rest of the world , the tragic events that was in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , that <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the medical team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we learned that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On the 13th of May I went to <unk> .
It 's a little fishermen who are located in the <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level has reached more than 24 feet in height and over three miles of land inside .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We bring debris from the channels and the ditches .
We took schools . We took out the mud , and we left the houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten factory .
We were <unk> and we loved it .
And for weeks , so many volunteers like their neighbors found things similar .
They found pictures and <unk> pictures and cameras and cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places from the villages around the villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While it was fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of the village .
It helped clean toilets , the huge , giant bathrooms .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the starting center pick the pictures .
And I had the honor , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean up pictures .
This was exciting and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression of thinking about the horizons , but it was n't until I was beyond my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the pictures , I found some that had over a hundred years , some were still in the lab on the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started riding pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too interesting , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to get to a lot of precision and it .
Otherwise , that little girl would not have the aspect of it , and that would be as tragic as I had the unfinished picture .
Over time , they were lucky enough , and they needed more <unk> , so I went back to Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I was 150 people who were 150 <unk> .
In Japan , in July , we were <unk> <unk> , a village village to the north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their pictures .
The time that we would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could mean an hour . It was a few weeks .
It could be months .
This <unk> had to draw in the hand as a guide , using the areas whose color and detail would n't have destroyed .
It took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered from bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of it along with the time , keep <unk> , which is why it was a major part of the project .
We could n't roll the photo unless it was clean , dry , and had been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky to hand .
We tell the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm even more the pictures already damaged .
As once he said , the leader of my group is how to do a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought these pictures was lucky to pictures .
He had started to <unk> her , but she stopped when you realize it even more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single photo and <unk> the whole photo .
When they collected their pictures shared something about their story with us .
A fellow colleagues of his husband found pictures in a fire station between the debris quite far away from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside of the water while the Sirens sounds .
Their kids , not so small now , but their two kids were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her his pictures of his youngest son .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that would remember from the past that would n't have been tagged by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up with hundreds of them , they helped us clean up to hand over 70,000 photographs , the great majority -- the great majority of them became the hands of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to bring back to 90 families .
During this time , we actually do n't spend more than $ 1,000 dollars and materials , most ink for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of somebody or something , a relationship , a loved one .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would bring , but the first thing that we 're going to do is look at .
Now this was about the project , to restore little pieces of humanity , to bring people to someone their connection with the past .
When a picture like this is back to somebody , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , to bring something , using their talent for something that are not thin models of perfect skin .
So I 'd like to end this email . I sent it the day I went back from Japan after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women from different ages from grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , I was , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the entire world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that 's going through an apple in a single one of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a billion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can make video motion on light motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners of the vision , or look inside the body without using X-ray , and you challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and it 's going to turn it into a second <unk> , or it 's , in several <unk> , create a <unk> package of just a millimeter wide .
And that line of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we took that bullet , and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do you spread those photons into this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
It 's not <unk> this research , and it 's a lot of things in this film , and we 'll get this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a <unk> package , which starts <unk> , and that , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light flies , it goes to the table , and we started looking at these pieces .
Many of the photons finally get to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel to the table , and because of the thoughts of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that thoughts are concentrated .
Now , if we took a common and current bullet , and we make the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much think would you be sitting on to see that film ?
A week ?
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
What about dead nature ?
You can see the waves that went off from the table , the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from one <unk> at the time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's pretty bright . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe , and the light bounces inside , and it goes back after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in their mobile phones , you 're going to be able to go to the grocery store and check if the fruit is ripe without having to touch it .
Why do we make this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we took a picture at low exhibition , it goes very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest show , so you just get some light .
So we sent that bullet , that 's that string of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very savvy time , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all those data into crude and <unk> data .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
If a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . You know , go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
We could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
So behind the wall there is a mannequin and I would get the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Ali .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's very good temporary resolution , and you can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what it corresponds to what distance .
By projecting a laser , you can record a photo in raw , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't have any sense .
But we will take a lot of images like this , tens of images , and we 're going to do a lot of images , and we will try to analyze the multiple <unk> , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going to go around the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light of open windows .
Or we could build <unk> , which can be able to see inside of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood is pretty hard , so actually this is an option to scientists so that you start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of behavioral imaging , the problems of the next generation .
So , like Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , it became science in art , a <unk> art .
I realized that all the gigabytes of the data that we collected is not just for scientific visualization , but we can be able to be able to scientific visualization .
To create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about a few of those waves .
But here 's something fun .
If we look at the waves under the lid , these are moving out of us .
The waves should move to us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have delighted to see this picture .
The order of which events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera .
And we will give the <unk> of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , a crime against humankind in Syria .
With a cell , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , and you can record it and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the Berlin city .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of thousands of people were looking for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people decided to be looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who is a cellphone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones .
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost all today have a mobile .
But today , I 'm going to talk about me , my mobile , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
Data in raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U . I showed a directive .
The <unk> <unk> .
This language says that every European telephone company , every provider of the entire European company , has to store a broad range of data from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends him a text to who .
And if we use your mobile , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and even two years , in his phone company or its Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination to be digital , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers all of this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret of Russian Germany .
And I also asked me if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time you use your mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , which at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which for me to get all the information you had about me .
I asked them once , and he went back to asking , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It 's all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So I decided to have a demand for it , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 'll give you this information .
At the end of the end , I mean .
And we would have the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CDs , there was this .
Thirty thousand <unk> , 30 thousand lines of information .
At first I saw them and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Right .
But after a while , I realized it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
It was a little skeptical : what had to do with that ?
Because you can see where I 'm , where I go at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , next to <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a <unk> visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and go back and go back .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to put it into the train on the subway , and what often I call on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not just about me .
But from all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we 're talking about a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they 're called between them .
And then you call the other , and the other one , and we end up with this big network of communications .
You can see how people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who talks to who , who gives you an email who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and even two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all of these people on the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who I was involved in this protest , and , if the <unk> had known who the leaders , this had never happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And , as a result , I do n't have the fall of steel .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and out of the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store it forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight by self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When they go home to their friends , tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value of the 21st century , and it 's not yet .
When you go home , tell his representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight for the self-determination was digital .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
I was going to get my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , that 's why we 'll get it all the time .
Watch .
It 's exhausting .
And Muhammad <unk> .
It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It just happens by accidents , like what happened to me at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
You feel bad for me , because at some point of life , they want to be disabled .
We 're walking .
<unk> , you 're in the commercial mall , drive in circles and what you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit impaired ? ''
In addition , I 'm going to say , I have 99 problems , and it 's busy C. It 's just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my illness had the same initial ones .
I also love that if I want to walk from my home to New York , it could .
A lot of people with brain palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't be . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; dance <unk> . ''
If my three major sisters <unk> , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents were <unk> to the school system , and they would be able to be able to be , and if we do n't take all of the top note , we would all have my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my foot on his feet and just walking .
Another tactical that I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that it 's <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong .

Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my hometown and were all of the family .
There are now 20 Arabic , and they 're still all of the family , I think nobody realized we were n't Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians thought about using `` I hate Muslims , '' as a campaign slogan .
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of <unk> who died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months , not eating , so we 're at the dawn of dawn at sunset is very easy .
I danced in Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I can walk in high school .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used high school , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going to .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we would give us into Madonna .
On the summer vacation often my father was trying to <unk> , so I would drink milk , and they would get me hot cups on my back , I 'm <unk> in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water , and I remember the eyes , and I think , `` It works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before I did yoga was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand foot .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents would <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to university through positive discrimination , and I got a grant for the <unk> , University of the State of Arizona , because I go in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet <unk> .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the most intelligent tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo my professors .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at four winds , `` Finally , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
After free , free !
Thank God all-powerful , at the end I 'm free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown Brown .
I went to <unk> running to the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why and she told me that they could n't make the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Sorry , if I ca n't make the risk stunts , you ca n't make the character . ''
It was a piece of paper that was literally born and they gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors without disabilities .
When I graduate , I went back home , and my first tour <unk> was like extra on a kitchen .
My dream became reality .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` companion '' to `` better friend , '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , I did n't see it more than the back , and it was evident to me that the directors of <unk> , not <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
It 's just going to make perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I did <unk> .
In my first tour , he took famous comical in New Jersey to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy that took when he fell in the realization that I was at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver of cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs around the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little rumor that says that women are n't funny fun , and they find very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival , right now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> of the media , and at the time to remind the directors of , that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program , by wire , with Keith <unk> .
I walked as if I went to a graduation dance , and I went to a study and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Sorry , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live !
So I 'm going to hold on to the speaker 's desk , not going to go off the screen during the segment , and when I ended the interview , I was crushed .
Finally , I had my opportunity and the <unk> . I knew they did n't buy me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to inviting me , but he was like <unk> full-time and beat my chair .
A funny thing that I learned in directly with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never got rid of me and a little bit of a young girl .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became <unk> object .
So watch clips online , like , `` Why is he <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease has ?
We really should pray for her . ''
One suggested suggested I 'd add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
<unk> are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the entertainment world .
Doctors say I wo n't walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope together we could create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all society to teach our kids .
My tortuous journey has led to very spectacular places .
I got to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> of the soap Susan <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
I was going to act on a film with Adam <unk> and work with my idol , the amazing Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world , `` Arabs have got crazy . ''
I was <unk> in depiction of the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> <unk> , '' a charity to give children refugees a small part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live , and I 'm doing this talk to his memory .
[ lies in peace , dad ]
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you too can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a young village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
He lives in a small village to the South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without it , it 's going to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the Somalia of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no job about it .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you get a guy who gives him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives a break .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , to his family .
They presented to a young man .
Finally , home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , it bursts a bomb .
That little boy from that little village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a connected terrorist organization to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him ?
He was waiting for .
I was waiting for a chance , waiting to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story is repeat in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the sidelined , young unemployed young people who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking at something beyond the world 's period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of well-being , but young people are not involved in prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the gateway to terror , violence , gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
You do n't do pretty much .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to that hospital <unk> , thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
And if I had been forced to be in that same `` Wait period '' ?
Would it have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate summit .
You 're going to have about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at <unk> University , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , which because it was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different way .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from Point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I exploit it .
He started a motorbikes company .
He started <unk> motorbikes to local residents who typically could n't get them .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to scale hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this different ?
What makes this different story ?
I think its ability to identify and take a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
We 're going to teach young people to be the creators of the economic opportunity that are looking very desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years ago , and even recently , until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , <unk> were from plastic sent from overseas .
If you were <unk> somebody , `` When was the last time you saw flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a <unk> company and floral design .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and it started to grow tulips and <unk> , who said , could survive the <unk> climate .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on creating the first public park in 22 years .
There is no public parks .
You want to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , as he says , smell pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really deep impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , work for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities .
The encouraged to believe that they could be businesspeople , that could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the greatest challenges facing the city .
They 're making business solutions for local problems .
So , inspired young people and create a business culture culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business .
We 're going to teach young people with the resources they need , we have to get the support they need to go from conception to creation , and you will create <unk> for the urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Your Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
I was hired to hired kids from the street to help rent and keep motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : becoming young people in businesspeople , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and <unk> of the Peace that we 're going to do and `` intensive periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was made by <unk> as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings on top of that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a <unk> in a <unk> with a beautiful strike lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a dump , about four square feet with the heart of rotten plastic balls , aluminum balls , and ear .
And I was struck , was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy like to pull out what brought you , who thought he was going to clean their trash ?
That question went with me , and it was <unk> a little bit .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where do you put the `` ours , '' who 's clean our trash to Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> <unk> our trash , for 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel like using the uniform and bring that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and he walked around his trajectory and I interviewed people in offices and installations in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed a lot more .
So I started working as a <unk> .
It 's not just traveling in the trucks . I was doing it .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They 're all asking about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used rapidly .
It costs a lot to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept <unk> the weight of getting on their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of <unk> Statistics , the waste collection is one of the ten <unk> <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering traffic all day , and they 're walking around you .
They just want to be <unk> , so generally the driver 's not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the parachute .
When you go out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that trash is as a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breath of breathing or circulation .
It 's always going to be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
I think stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste waste is the most important piece in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective health of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste as efficient and effective every day , this starts to <unk> their containers and its dangers inherent to us in very real ways .
So we 've been controlled by decades , and centuries and centuries come back to sprout .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space to the new so that the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just pointed out its relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average speed needed .
So I mean just the speed at which we used to move into the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , and we do n't know , clean , or we took our coffee cup , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use it , we use them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job of work on the other side that we would want to do .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the waste collection that might help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
His job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our garbage , and that flow always needs to stay in a form or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I listened to a bus collection truck on the street , grabbed my small son , and he went down the stairs running , and there was a guy doing his journey of recycled paper as he did all Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing this particular day , but I started crying .
And I looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be good .
We 're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that , I started researching the waste collection and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times and we made good friends .
I want to believe it was right .
We 're going to be good .
But in our efforts because we exist on this planet as a species , we have to include and have to account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about trash , represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next you see somebody whose job is clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize it .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment , where architecture are born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At the beginning , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
So after looking at some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three major respects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost gaps because they have very large shops that people ca n't afford to buy stuff .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because of the <unk> , it generates heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city that this should not happen because it 's a weather climate that 's 20 to 25 degrees across the year .
And thirdly , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a rich place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really committed to the old market , which is this structure in the open air where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to suggest the site , which is located in a much growth zone in the city , where much of the buildings that we are now seeing in the picture , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , bringing all the inputs on the building .
And this is expanded with an inclined atrium , which creates an open space in the building that would spread , by its own form , the sun and rain .
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small business , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how close to the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that will be able to <unk> the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete concrete shell to allow the air entrance , and also of light , but in a filtered .
And then we inspired us in these beautiful buttons on the dresses of those dresses .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces of these little pieces that are the windows that leave the air and the light in a controlled way inside the building .
This would be <unk> with these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer needed to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy <unk> for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day .
So we get a big advantage putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with <unk> areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is set up water for inner sanitation .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so big , the biggest that I designed , needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention into the <unk> , a hundred years of ancient years that were surrounded by a <unk> wall of access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was extend the streets of existing streets , creating 12 early blocks of the size and the characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we chose some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the little cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the teacher plan .
I thought , what would the best guidance for an apartment in the weather climate ?
And it 's driving , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So , you know , a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the ground , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to the local norms that make greater density in higher levels and lower density on the ground .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The ceiling , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community out of the space of the building .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socializing , and doing such as a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities growing up .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes local communities and local economies at the same rate that grow the buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important looking at architecture looking for simple solutions , but affordable , that improves the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature to people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all new girls .
I had a lot of very bright hair and a little bit of a little bit of pencils , nice . It was super strong for the capitals of states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I got my sinister plan .
One day I was left after school . He was a little afternoon and I hid in the bathroom of girls .
When the shoreline was <unk> , salt , went into the classroom , I took off the table of my master book .
And then I did .
So , I 'm going to get the ratings from my rival , just a little bit , just some .
All the way . And I had to bring back the book back to the crate , but , you know , some of my other partners had very good notes too .
So , in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , no imagination .
I put you all rows of <unk> and myself in a row of this , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't know how the idea emerged .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It is that it was very obvious .
I never discovered me .
But above all , I 'm going to tell you the reason that this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I would have jealousy .
They 're as mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer of jealousy .
Also , primates , are very prone .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that seeks loneliness , or long duration or sadness .
So we have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory that we study jealousy in all of their possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would be no longer the <unk> , there was no `` Odyssey . ''
There was no king , jealous , and a <unk> .
There was no Shakespeare .
So we 're going to take the hands of high school lists , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' he would n't have `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We 'll lose <unk> and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say she has the answers for everything , and , in terms of jealousy , almost that you have everything .
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also of the ordinary competitiveness , the whole thing we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the <unk> details , right ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forget about how hard that picture is .
We forget about the relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know how the cat <unk> , but we suppose it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious as the jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their environment , are a good basis of good narrative ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us terrible feeling because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being in storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to put the knife , right ?
<unk> make all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does for giving me pleasure could give me to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say itself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> senses in his lover , it adds to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that they 're <unk> and Proust , was notoriously jealous .
You know , dating 's dating would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break with him .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . We need to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
<unk> are <unk> .
<unk> use the details .
The jealousy of them like the big amounts of bright hair and the nice and small <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy were <unk> from the pictures .
That 's why that Instagram is so successful , it ties to <unk> language with jealousy .
When it was in his <unk> agony , suddenly hearing behind the gates and <unk> the servants of his lover , then advocates .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is disgusting , but it 's not different from an old texts or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` It 's scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are looking at them , and they make it seem to be <unk> , but , in their core , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , what makes euthanasia matter , the more painful .
The pain , humiliation , loss , loss : These were the pathways to wisdom 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes a range of feelings , much more profound feelings and vital than a wise man who can be interested . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal us .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion to us , our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with such peculiar intensity ?
Freud wrote about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young guy who was used to the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud says that there was something strange about that man , which was not going to be able to put her wife .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that was doing his wife , without noticing , involuntary behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Or do n't you do a <unk> ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels describe very well how jealousy we can look with intensity but no accuracy .
In fact , the more intensely jealous of us are , the more we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy are given us to make violent acts or illegal acts .
<unk> drives us to behave in fully <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about the age of eight , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman at 52 years old was captured by having created a false note on Facebook since he would send a <unk> , horrible self for a year .
For one year .
She was trying to go to the new girlfriend from his former boyfriend , and I have to tell you that when or this , reacted with tears .
Because , we 're realistic .
What huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the <unk> of `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that deal with the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the kingdom of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , it can be a <unk> .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you have to get from you to be and <unk> from what you 've ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , the cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route from Tom <unk> .
I can not give you all the world , as much as I 'd like .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the coin is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not safe , when they 're to a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask by Holmes Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think of the curse , in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always have a lot of fun [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat <unk> rat needed to need desperately enough , but it 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs his help , but it was <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness on each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once Holmes goes in , <unk> all of them with his solution , <unk> back and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says there 's not a person in <unk> <unk> who did n't want to get your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see Holmes transferred in history , I think this is very emotional . That scene also is mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , no emotion .
You know , in a minute Holmes is on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a geometry , just a matter of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be <unk> from excellence .
We can <unk> it with it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we hope to happen , we remember that we have fiction to <unk> .
It 's just fictional fiction to jealousy .
The fiction alone , he invites them to the table .
And look at what makes it : the sweet <unk> , the frightening Tom <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Mr. Proust Laden .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Day of Apollo , and the <unk> of the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the highest mobilization in peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo of Apollo one .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
He walked on the surface of his surface , of which Aldrin was after death of Armstrong last year , is now the most old man .
So why were it ?
They did n't buy a lot of a turn : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> , a new sense of perception and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were because the president Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the same words of Kennedy in Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why is the moon ?
Why would it turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why do you scale up the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why can you fly on the Atlantic ?
Why do he play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : for the contemporaries , Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the West War .
In the time , emotion was the question of wonder to the health of the powers of technology .
They were because it was great power to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technology .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> and eliminated the smallpox .
The technology looked at what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humankind , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10 , and the optimism of the power of technology has evaporated by seeing the problems that we imagine that the technology will be able to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure the cancer , or feeding the population of the population seem to be intractable .
I remember watching the Apollo of Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you do n't look at the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn V .
I knew that this would be the last mission on the planet , but I was completely sure that I could see the colonies on Mars .
So , that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard this for the two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists would have distracted us and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhone , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sales .
There 's nothing bad in most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a Scottish explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that I 'm going to do Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty , in concrete , incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused us to change the creation of <unk> , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going to be wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak without worrying about risk , they preferred small investments , tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years .
The <unk> . They have always had trouble to invest with the benefit of the technologies as energy , which need a huge , and that 's the long term , and that 's in the long term , they have n't invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have a commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But go to Mars it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to Mars because everybody thinks there 's more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve big problems because politicians fail .
Today less than two percent of the world 's energy consumption comes from sources of renewable energy as solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind power , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want to sources of alternative energy that can compete on price . There are n't .
Now technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about how political and international treaties , the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in the research and development of energy , and some kinds of control of the coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 'll see an energy policy of the U.S. or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , it turns out not to be .
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure on the food route .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can be improved things like crops or systems for storage and food , but there will be hungry while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes <unk> a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon was declared the war in cancer in 1971 , but we soon found that there are a lot of kinds of cancers , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have to be present : The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem , institutions have to support the solution ; it must be a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems , and it 's with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is not a <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician as John Kennedy that would be hard and the dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of fiction as we explore the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it was simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even doing any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start by <unk> the ultimate ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a big decline in trust , is a very generalized belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is one task : we should get the confidence .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been bad .
What I 'm going to try to do today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a more clear idea about the topic .
First of all , why people think of trust has fallen ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I want to think that it may have fallen in some other or institutions , and that could have grown up in others .
I do n't have it .
But I can go to the surveys of opinion , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has diminished .
When you look at surveys in the time , there 's no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , remain inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway across half of it .
But is this evidence ?
What the surveys of opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you see are generic attitudes that people believe when you get certain questions .
Is it involved in politicians ? ''
Now , if somebody asked you , `` <unk> in <unk> ?
Do you get in the fishermen ?
Do you think of the school teachers ?
You probably got to say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you might say , when you 've said your question , `` Well , I trust some , but not . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to make trust trust .
We do n't think that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain degree of elementary school that I know to give you the class of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could rely on my friend as well to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is driven , why we stop side all of that knowledge when we think of confidence in the most abstract form ?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence , because they 're trying to instill the good evidence for the fact that we will trust something or somebody .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
And frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I would do .
I would have to have more confidence in what it is , but not what it 's not .
Ultimately , I 'm a believer , not to rely on what 's not reliable .
And I believe that those people who were doing their savings with very rightly named Mr. Madoff , which then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart target in this life .
There 's been deposited or interrupted with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , it 's worth , it means that what matters first of all is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is to do a trial about how reliable people are in certain respects .
And I think to be able to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that one person is to be competent in <unk> , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , by the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't rely on them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I do n't relied on them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see you 're going to get their own skills .
And I 'm so happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before we trust .
The confidence is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the <unk> paperwork that I attend to birth . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and the institutional , that the accountability system that 's destined to ensure trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is we make the work to the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` Get the boxes , '' as we say .
It 's sure all of you know similar examples .
Everything , all of that , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if you 're worthy of confidence , and we will be involved in the people who are reliable , and if we were trying to determine whether other people , government or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the trial , the simple acts , attitudes , which is not doing properly .
Third , the task .
We 're going to be able to rebuild the job to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because it gives us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough enough so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't fool , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to bring <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do it ?
It 's done every day , everywhere , the common people , the officials , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks say I can deliver them without giving explanations .
I carry them and give me the money , or they change it by the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're aiming for is not very hard to figure out .
What people rely on is in relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when and how other people is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been spending so hard to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more , to such one point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I ask myself , and if there were no barriers ?
So I started to imagine how it would be .
First of all created this tool that gets into digital space , so that when the strong force against the screen is transfers its physical body .
designers can bring their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So with this tool break off the barriers .
But the two hands remain still on the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital data using all the skill of your hands ?
In the urban Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and turned a little bit about the keyboard on a digital area of work .
So , by combining a transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can now pick up the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab it directly with your hands .
Like the windows and the archives have a location in real space , <unk> is so easy as grab a book on a shelf .
You can look through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and back things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I have here is a virtual virtual <unk> .
This is the vision that you get from a device on the head or clear when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further away , I thought , instead of looking at the missing of the space in space , how can we make a physical , how can we touch them and feel ?
How would it be a future ?
In the MIT Media Lab with my adviser Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer as the users can move anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control movement through a mixture of magnetic levitation , mechanical and detectors .
And when we can digitally program the object , we 're releasing it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and a distance away and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality sometimes we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real , palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you see , digital data will not only show us something , but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to be able to <unk> our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we assign that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I would be able to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to give you a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my mother mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
Then to survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed firmly that there was only one path to happiness : a safe job and paid paid .
No matter whether the job I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese Opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
A opera singer must start to start <unk> from very young people , and I tried everything I could to go to school school .
Until I wrote to the head of school and the speaker of a radio show .
But no adult had an idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never work .
I feared , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Good .
<unk> the books .
[ <unk> <unk> <unk> '' ] [ `` The <unk> of History , '' in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
The ones who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about the Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not convenient to a convenient thing .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to go out of this trap <unk> , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what students in China learned .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
Climate reading is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to fields of research as a comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , you give academics a deeper understanding of a topic .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research , why do n't we do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can be about people . `` Benjamin Franklin , '' [ `` John Adams , '' that they were involved in a particular event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The <unk> ' path Tzu '' Alan <unk> ] instead of lost in translation , I found that you can make a lot of her .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I do n't go back to feeling alone or powerless .
To have a really shattered dream of it really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place of dreams , where the passion is , where happiness comes from .
Until a <unk> dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , that I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , books always come to you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first adviser .
I was a doctoral student in psychology in Berkeley in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
Alex went into the first session , wearing jeans and a <unk> <unk> , dropped on the couch of my office took my shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so angry .
My classes had a <unk> as the first client .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it was easy to move my head while we 're going to figure out the solution .
`` <unk> are the new 20 , '' he said Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work after , it 's home later , you have kids later , until death goes after .
It 's like Alex and I had a few of them .
But soon after , my supervisor was pushed me to press Alex that would talk about his loving lives .
I had resisted .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming up with these guys under his category , you 're lying down with a <unk> head , but it 's not as if it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still no , but maybe they marry the next .
In addition , the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit at their head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving lives , but for the racing , families and the future of everyone else .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one gets to adulthood and not going to go before they were <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> .
Oh yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a <unk> , you take your dream up a <unk> , I want to see . Amazing , people really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be about 35 years old .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' which gives his life that they have happened for when you have 30 and so many .
People in 40 , they do n't panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their new partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up their second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means if there 's something you want to change themselves , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than in any other time of life , and we know that female fertility gets to their top to 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are time to educate them about their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which his daily and common life has an <unk> impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in the adult development .
But this is not what we 're hearing .
The newspapers talk about changes in the time of adulthood .
The researchers call <unk> adolescence .
The reporters were <unk> names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As culture , we 've considered a triviality of what 's actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you a <unk> on your head and say , `` Do you have 10 years to start your life ? ''
It 's nothing .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition , and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting , interesting , as you or your kids and girls get to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't know . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says as a race of 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from university . ''
And then it starts to sound like this , `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
All running , but then sometime at some point about 30 , the music went off and all started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the ones here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little extreme , but it 's not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's a huge pressure to 30 , and so many of starting a race , choose a city , choose a partner , and have two or three kids in a long time period of time .
A lot of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that starts showing , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once to the 1930s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career that you want now .
You know , you ca n't have the son you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your child .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was he doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the people are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At the 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having a identity crisis .
He said , `` I 'd like to work in art or in entertainment , but she still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend who showed more than ambition .
And despite a very hard <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
We 're often going to get into our sessions , but then they would get to her , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
So I had just bought a new blackboard on board , and I 'd spent the whole morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then it was stuck looking at the empty space that goes after the words `` in emergency case , please call it to ... ''
He was about the hysteria when he saw and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if you get cancer ? ''
At that moment , I took a lot of work for me to resist and not say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was n't a <unk> that I really needed .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the iconic decade of Emma was in front of us .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that every single person , man or woman , deserve to know .
First , I told Emma that was forgotten about that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
To make something that 's an investment in what they want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that one company they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> <unk> exploration , I 'm crossing the exploration that should n't tell , that , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that manual jobs and he would make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are excellent to take you to the airport , but the ones that get together with friends with similar minds , just as much as they know , what you know , how they think , how they 're talking about , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person with who would go out , almost always comes from their circle closer .
The new things come from what they call <unk> friends from their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have any work .
But the other half no , and the weak ties are the shape of <unk> to this group .
Half the work of the work that you 've never been published , then know the head of your neighbor is the way I get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Finally , not least , Emma believed that you do n't pick his family , but I know his friends .
This was true when I was growing , but like <unk> , Emma soon to her family , when you have a partner and form his own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better to sit in head than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person that you live now or you 're going to get you now when you 're all on Facebook , they start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that means to be so intentional in love as you 're in the work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead to do is work or killing time with whoever you choose to choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that panel , and she found the roommate of a quarter of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond was helped to get a job there .
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special subject of events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
Love his new career , he loves her new family , and I 'm sending a letter that he said , `` Now the actual contacts spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes that go out of the airport in Los Angeles , which come somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a light fixed in its trajectory makes the difference between land or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 to the 25 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the ones that know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling you to <unk> every day : <unk> is not the new <unk> , <unk> their adults , get identity capital , use their weak ties , pick their family into your family .
You do n't have to be defined by what they did n't know or what they did .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very bad job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky about : faculty .
I went to teach you mathematics to students from seventh grade in New York City .
And as any professor , I used exams and evidence .
I give them tasks .
When the job went back , we 'll get the ratings .
What I was called attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance had no scores of I.Q . <unk> .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going as well .
And that made me think .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , safe , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given given .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a major perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if you succeed in school and in life depends much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the White Academy of the West Point .
And we tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were going to be able to do in the competition .
We studied homeless teachers working in really hard neighborhoods , which is what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be most effective in improving the results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these sellers are going to keep their job in work ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't good enough , physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
determination is clinging to their future , day after day , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in the public schools .
I asked thousands of high school students that would do my homework and then waited for more than a year to see people who would be diagnosed .
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate school , even when I 've been involved in every single feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized tests , even the safety they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National <unk> of <unk> that matters , it 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How can they deal the determination in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do you get them motivated by the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't pay you .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is not related to or it 's even related to the talent of talent .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination in children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more prone to <unk> when they do n't believe that that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a big idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I end up my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work that we have in front of it .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they have been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to begin with , to start all again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined to make our kids more determined .
Thank you .
We were <unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going to spread out this amazing language .
But for overseas , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been asking if I can break down this wall , so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be helpful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw every single character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
So we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> would be 20 thousand characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signs , restaurants , understand the basic idea of the pages or the newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can be possible until it 's square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a ride .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he was shouting , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally as it calls it , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of doors in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that you think a lot more characters are .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going to follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretches their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is caught .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree looks pretty stupid .
Remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes up on the horizon .
A door . Put a table inside the door , it 's the wall of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , asking questions .
<unk> , did you have someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , get careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through nearly 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build other 32 .
So with every little effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that you learn as a Chinese Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So the sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains , two mountains on the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their politicians beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where you go out , it 's an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking to the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our kids in a kind of professional complex childhood books .
However , the magician 's magician was an event itself .
It does n't start that trend .
The trend really took the rise 40 years later with , curiously , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy , and a <unk> guy , a <unk> guy , to a girl dressed as an enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a huge difference between these two films , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician 's magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician is done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz as the prophecy .
You use magic shoes to beat the armies from the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician 's a magician is that the most heroic characters , wise characters and even minutes are women .
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that moment , I also had a son .
Only three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance had fallen down , so he stood up in the room , and I was shocked as a leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what happened , but I do n't think he understood what was going on , but I 'm going to get it all .
I wonder what it meant .
Would they be the themes of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Is it a sense that Luke got a army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's compare this with the magician 's magician 's magician .
How do you win Dorothy his film ?
We 're doing good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow , OK , and not a world of men they fight , which is where we are .
Why is there so much organic capital force , force in the movies for our kids , and so little of the yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's pretty good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know the experience that <unk> princess does n't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are blended together . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to begin to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on beat the villain and get its reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost as if you 're a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney princess before any of you .
But they send a message to children , even though they , kids , are not really their public audience .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend girls , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend themselves from patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some big women who write new stories for our kids , so real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to come up with classic classic , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men , or two men , or two men who breed a child .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , eventually came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has done a movie of a princess .
It 's pretty good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films happens the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not the roots and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of the test of the movies you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that must be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women are talking to each other about the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more than you like ? All right ? Thank you . Thank you .
Two women that exist and talk about things .
It 's going to happen . I 've seen it , and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good <unk> film .
Right ? <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , a consensus idea of what 's a <unk> movie .
Pretty much , it 's not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the crisis of hostage .
We have a lot of men from men who have profound and hard conversations in this hiding , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So <unk> in the numbers .
In 2011 , about 100 more popular movies , how many of them think they have female actors ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a greater number that 's going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one of five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do n't they have to learn ?
You 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to beat up with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't speak ?
So , are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> .
We have tools to our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> is going to be done if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You will have read about how new economy is changing the role that care of home and <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to get to their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I tell my son : Go and fight only and more stories where his job is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better , as the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a girl , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I wanted most of the most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I 'm lucky enough .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , with time , I got used to them .
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I see my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown over 1,300 miles long to the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite images .
So to try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see it differently .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when you use infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , at simple view , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using a false color , suddenly the place looks like a brilliant pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the materials of building and the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an old city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have learned that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them , that inside the red circles here , but somewhere within this enormous continuum of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles away .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed with time , moved to the east and covers the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
I will try to find chance that would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with the blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So we use data NASA 's NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was <unk> .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area you see within the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we 're going to deal with the Egyptian scientists doing the jobs of sampling , you can see it here .
When I say to sample , it 's how you take a sample of shows in ice , but instead of climate change , we 're looking for human occupation .
Five feet below , under a thick thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of ceramic objects .
So this means that in this possible location of <unk> , five feet down , we have a range of occupation from several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period we think is <unk> .
We also found the jobs of <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the banks of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a thick layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but let 's go to the place in a close future to localize .
And even more importantly , we have resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also perform great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Now , share knowledge is the highest of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Do the ideas really happen in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly makes the search for shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door to <unk> .
I 'd like you to pay you to the color of the door , the material that 's done .
Now we 've got a group of <unk> obese in the bikes .
They are competing in a <unk> race and they go to their gateway .
I need to look at this really .
They 're hard enough , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
And they collide in front of your house .
There are cars flying around , the wheels that go on their side , the rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
In the lobby , the hallway , or what you have to the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light shining about the <unk> of the <unk> .
It 's waving with your hand .
From his chair on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that talks .
You can feel their blue fur to tickle your nose .
You can smell the oats , and you can smell that it 's about to get into the mouth .
<unk> on the side and they trained his living room .
In the room , and making more of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his table in downtown , singing `` <unk> , Baby Time . ''
Now follow the kitchen .
The soil has been covered with a building blocks of yellow bricks and from the oven coming to you Dorothy , <unk> <unk> , <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz '' , <unk> to you .
Well , open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I suppose , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few of different ages of different ages and different hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They were <unk> the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
It 's going to have entire poems in just minutes .
So let 's start to see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I was thinking , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be the phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of those who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We have been trained to perform these miraculous memory acts by using ancient techniques , which was a half thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that he used to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Did you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorize the order on a living cards , in national television .
So , I 'll try it to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up most of the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and which can be its potential .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a guy named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's impressive .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows to see how our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this guy .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on <unk> Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; it was replicated .
And when I go back , I read a lot of treaties on the memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having been trained , disciplined and grown was not a little bit weird as you can find it today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they also have changed .
We have changed culturally , and I would say that we have also changed cognitively .
As we almost do n't have to remember , sometimes it seems we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where we still find people passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory and grown is this very unique memory of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College London invited a group of memory magazine , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brain in some way , structural , different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are it more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a battery of cognitive test , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting difference , and it 's a really interesting difference between the brains of the memory of the memory and the issues of control that we compared to .
When they put them into an fMRI machine , <unk> their brains as <unk> numbers and expensive forms of snow , they found that in the memory of memory , they found that in the memory of the brain , they have different parts of the brain , different to others .
In effect they used , or they looked at , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorization is driving as an armed career where each year appears to be a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of bad cards that he 's about trying to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented , and just it 's mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary sentence .
It 's about half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox called the `` <unk> '' paradox . I say two people who remember the same word . I say to you . `` Remember there 's a guy named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember the <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the headline .
They use it <unk> white hats .
They have <unk> meal .
They were doing good when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you get that word for the first time , we started to put <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some time .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data over a half thousand years ago in the Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` Peace palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> that I attended a <unk> .
They 'd hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , it was n't bound to a DJ , and he hired a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his memory poem , and he went left , and so soon it was , the salon room collapsed .
killing everyone .
But not only killed everybody , but it shattered the bodies , left <unk> .
Nobody could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting in .
So you ca n't make the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the debris , closed his eyes , and I realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting at each invited .
It took the <unk> of the hand of your hand , where their loved ones were between the debris .
What you 're going to do is that we all know about it , is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it 's no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial space .
If you 're going to tell you that the first 10 words of the story I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very hard to do it .
But I would bet if you told you to say who was sitting on the horse , brown shown in his lobby , you would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the crazy , crazy , crazy , <unk> and <unk> is the image , more unforgettable .
This is a advice that comes from 2,000 years ago , the first memory treaties in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk , and they want to do it , the same way that he would be asked if they were invited to be invited about 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy and unforgettable picture to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely <unk> .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and you see the <unk> of the <unk> on the <unk> Ed Ed .
And that will tell you that they want to introduce Ed Ed .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then he went in the kitchen , and the fourth subject that would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
So it 's like the Romans speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse it , but typical per capita .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from Greek <unk> , which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this sort of spatial terms .
The phrase `` First '' would be like the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got out of it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something big about this demographic of competitive people .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
Really , it 's how to see a lot of people sitting on taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone would be thrown in front .
I 'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there 's amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem . Or the names of an ancient yearbook rooms in a <unk> market .
And I found that this was really fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train memory .
What it is actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> , and some of the safety glasses covered with tape , leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory party .
And I ended up coming back to the same competition that had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory engineering experiment .
I thought this could be good enough for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , which did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice being able to memorize speeches , and the phone numbers , and it 's actually not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because it 's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build memory or memorize the cards of cards , to benefit with a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories grew up .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
So we 're going to be focused when we focus on it deeply .
The memory palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
So , you know , you know , a kind of deep processing , a kind of full attention that most of us are not going to get out there .
But reality is that there are no shortcuts .
This is how things are made .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we ready to lose what is already our short existence in our Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks next to us , and we will be so <unk> that we do n't even have to be able to process deep down ?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible incredible capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so we 'd just make a complex place : New Jersey .
Because about 30 years ago , I 'm in closing Jersey , I was six years old and lived in my parents ' house in a village named <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
On the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there 's all the time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everyone would see me , and every time I 'm going to wake up and I went back into a towel , all of you see me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , and the areas of areas , but of those thoughtful , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency as 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So 90 percent of the time we 're surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot of it .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a bit naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I 'm showing you a building like this , I know what you think about you , you think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know you think about it , because that 's based on a building that 's built two years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> using architects to create an emotional connection with the shapes that we build our buildings .
It 's an emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid , front of the sea , removed from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building stuff is frightening .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build it , the <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that know that they 're going to work .
So we found buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> <unk> Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it 's got a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which are not going to be able to communicate with this building : children , social values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , the other library , that looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects who constantly have new technologies , new differently , new solutions for the lives of life today .
We 're going to get it , and we would push it so much , that we get away from people .
All of the black , this makes us depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have another option .
We have to go to the other side and go back to connect those symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , and so we started to experiment again , and we 're going to swing the window back on , over and again . So we 've done in the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started adding those symbols .
And I 'll put the people back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> .
So we 'd add a neon and we added a bake new material .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be medieval sample of glass .
The shapes <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Politicians grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spent the time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , French , or Italian .
You might have a static of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , it 's cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , that 's not the meanwhile .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum back into the other direction .
In the '80s , in the early '90s , we started to experiment with called <unk> .
We would have the historical symbols ; we now have new design techniques , and we found new compositions -- a few ways that we were against other shapes .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're fully excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> in the opposite direction .
But then something surprising happened .
In 1997 , this building was opened .
It 's the gems of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the world 's relationship with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics , academics and public general , they were completely according to a building .
The New York Times <unk> this miracle of miracle .
The tourism in Bilbao grew over two percent when they ended up the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media would spread around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same mayors did the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium country with other lung architects .
He went to appreciate it and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects on the new millennium , actually began to happen with all architecture . The digital media began to increase the speed of information .
Think of , for example , how we consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they 'd have to have had to have walked to the next village to see a building .
So transport it goes down : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building gets beyond their physical location .
architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications , has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't be very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before I was designed four years ago was successful or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're on the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the tendency to media is applied to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , to be in both of the extremes , almost <unk> , and it was effectively <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , the architects , and you , the public .
Now we can make symbols almost instant , with emotional charge , from something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was ending , it was a part of the community , and as the pictures looked exactly the product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to get to the social media , the building stopped being only a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and when you get these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think of architecture .
We can tell us each other what we think of architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but that has changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those librarians of <unk> .
If that building is building today , we would first go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We would have bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , what can be a library .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of <unk> , people of <unk> , and tell you that there 's no unique answer to what it can be a library .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
Everything 's different now .
Architects are already not those mysterious creatures that use <unk> and complicated pictures , and you 're not a single audience that does n't have seen anything that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't leave it to the architecture .
That means that the <unk> of one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on what you should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 're ultimately ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings are <unk> to the whims of nature and not the contrary .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or for yoga , or even you can marry there at night .
This means that three architects can be able to dream with a swimming swim on the New York City , and raise half a million dollars from the community united around that cause , it 's not a client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as opposed to the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects know how to make more ecological , intelligent buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to you .
Finally , we 're not on the opposite side .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , households where we form our kids , and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that I like to do is look at the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and he made me think , when do I have to do this ?
How do we suddenly do n't taste with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday Sunday night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , despite his mom , he tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody says it 's ugly .
The thing that his mom says , and what his friends , or partners from school , they do n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of it , it 's put it on YouTube , and he calls others who please leave a comment , `` Am I nice or ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13 reviews .
Some of these are so unpleasant , which does n't even deserve to think about them .
We 're talking about a healthy , normal adolescent , and current , who gets these answers in one of the stages of their life most vulnerable .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , in their teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what is it going to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me , `` I like , '' by talking , sharing , publishing , publishing , this is never done .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , and instant , as young people .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his bedroom every night . ''
There 's no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that , they 're inadequate .
This environment , of being always connected , it 's attached to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like it , '' and the kinds of reviews they get .
There is no division between life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what 's not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what 's manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent thing in life from someone in front of what 's normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kinds of images that are covers of the news of girls now .
It 's about size .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And the trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , it means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are in .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superhero of the sports stars , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , you know , we want our kids to grow healthy and they 're good at <unk> .
But in a culture obsessed with the picture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other ones start to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do anything because they think they do n't look pretty good enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for its growth as humans , and as humans as humans and the community development field .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class discussions , and they 're going to participate in the debates because they do n't want to call attention for their physical aspect .
One of five are not attending classes at all during days when you do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the exams , if you do n't think you see good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note on the average of your fellow partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it 's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about you , not how you 're really .
The low self-worth on his body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with time do less physical activity , they eat fewer fruit and vegetables , participate in more diets that can take you to a food mess .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's why they make more far-fetched decisions , as the consumption of alcohol and drugs , dramatic surgery , static surgery , sexual relationships at early ages and no protective damage .
The search for the perfect body is attached to the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or do n't have higher rates .
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview on one day that you do n't feel secure with how you see it .
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
We will have this potential of interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , for itself , it does n't take you too far away .
No enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of political programs , without noticing , we make the situation worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that 's going to follow our kids , not only will have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
So these six respects are really important points for anyone to give an education in body self-esteem that works .
One education is fundamental , but we deal with this problem requires each of us to take the reins on the issue , and we 're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
They defy the current status of how women are viewed and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in slices of hair or the size of their breasts , or to notice that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to begin to judge people for what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start doing it by assuming responsibility for the kind of images and the reviews that we publish in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you , when was the last time that we had a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , like governments , to change our culture , so that our kids will grow all their person , valuing individuality , diversity , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are really making the difference on a pedestal .
Let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that go on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our kids are free to be free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think you see you 're never going to be who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
My sister ?
His daughter ?
The niece ? A friend ?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean to her if they were released from that voice that 's been released in his inside , which was overwhelmed by not having long legs , God happier , a shorter belly , little smaller belly ?
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and would we have free to release his potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us all off .
But let 's get our kids to the truth .
You know , the way you see it is just a part of your identity , and that truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do , and by how they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem in our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the little <unk> of a year of today , they become agents of conscious change of themselves tomorrow .
So let 's make it .
On November five of November 1990 , a guy named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed by the rabbi who were <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> .
At the time , initially they were initially innocent , but it was prisoner for other charges , in the company of others , started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the U.N. headquarters .
Now luckily , those plans were <unk> by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 at the World Trade Center in the World Trade Center .
Later , he would be convicted of his involvement in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being a Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , high school teacher , the two did all possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My dad taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For experience , when people take time to interact , you do n't need a lot to get to the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in all human group , there is always a little fraction of people who were given as <unk> to their convictions that think that we have to use all the means of all the possible means so that everyone lived as them .
A few months before he sat down with me and explained that in the last week , he and some friends , had been going to <unk> training , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I played , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained how to go to the target at about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the target and , to surprise of everyone , especially mine , all the target broke out on flames .
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , as a parent .
All of us , the commentary was a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
They saw me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
These people later would be convicted , and they would be charged with 700,000 pounds of explosives in the northern Tower of the northern Tower of the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and injured to other 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody , it was a moment of packing and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class often was a <unk> victim .
You know , <unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time it was in the house reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
So for these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say softly , for growing <unk> , was n't ready for the real world .
I was raised encouraging people to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my way to think , was during the presidential election of 2000 .
In a <unk> program that I participated in the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> in the subject of youthful violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I found that one of the kids who had been friendship , was Jewish .
So I took several days out of the light this detail , and I realized there was no dispute between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud of being able to beat the barrier that entire life was given to me that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience turned out to the development of my character .
All life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay men were bad .
In fact , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics I had seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I would have been treated .
So I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how to be homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came to the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me feel honest about my <unk> , and I helped you see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In a lot of shapes , he came back to me in many ways that I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my own life , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother on how I thought , and she said something to conserve in my heart forever , while it 's alive .
She looked at me with the tired eyes of somebody who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself into a risk possible ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , some day , who is to bring to violence , you can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which although I 'm going to be given to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to me sheep .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terror and against prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father .
With this simplicity , I put myself here as proof that violence is not inherent to no religion or race , that kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you really . Thank you very much .
So now there 's a film that 's projects in your minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and it has <unk> sound , and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
You feel your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as a moments of your childhood , as a little bit of you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in size .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an inner film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness .
I have no certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why is n't it just robots that we have to do to produce results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness .
The science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So you can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the entire 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
But psychology was studying cognitive behavior , neuroscience was studying the brain objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Kong said , `` now it 's time for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic job that featured Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience says some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions of what they do certain areas of the brain and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
There 's actually no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real mystery of this stuff : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to be going into another emerging phenomenon as the <unk> , like your life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all of the emerging behaviors , how do they operate , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they 're adapting and bypassing living organisms , and they 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the rise , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , it actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works , for a long time , beat my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in a pure physical terms that would work .
But eventually I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
And I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We were used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the side , it 's a fact that we 're conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to hold that idea to our scientific vision of the world .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of abnormality , something that we need to integrate to our vision of the world , but we do n't know how .
With an abnormality like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning , crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there 's no problem that 's a hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
And actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and that 's where everything needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist awareness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time you have , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental building : space , time and mass .
We have fundamental laws that govern , as gravity 's laws or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of nothing more basic .
Instead , they 're considered fundamental , and that 's where the world builds up .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental breaks .
In the Maxwell 19th century , he found that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of the fundamental concepts of them , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , and so I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and he applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation where we find consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas that we have , space , time , mass , charge , then for the matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural thing would be given consciousness itself as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that it 's suddenly not the object of science .
It opens up the road to direct it scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , mass processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can be stamping on a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can buy it on a shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is often called <unk> : `` <unk> '' by the mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with anguish when he thinks `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , not .
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How do you think something so crazy ?
In part of this , it comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more to nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that will be able to make the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
There 's always information processing , there 's consciousness .
It 's about complex <unk> , as a human being , complex consciousness .
It 's very simple , simple awareness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of the information , which is called <unk> , which measures the information integrated into a system .
And he 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an amazing high degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a level of information integration , as much significant , a pretty important awareness of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the <unk> of <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In the <unk> theory , there 's still a level of a different awareness .
In fact , this is a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
In addition , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers are often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying .
As he explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where is the fire of equations ? ''
From the vision of the vision , the physics of physics can be allowed , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is what you put fire into equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , vision vision , has the potential to <unk> our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical , pretty serious ethical consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I did n't have to eat anything that had consciousness , then it was a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think you think about it well , this tends to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral perception , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of the information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , it 's pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethic of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of the whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an inner film for this complete group of TED , different from the inner movies of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you must take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is a fundamental thing , than the second , which is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right way to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , good , probably this is the most difficult problem of science and from philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve overnight .
But I think eventually we 're going to discover it .
To understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we only need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
It was a very normal profile , a very normal profile of education .
I went to school , and I was <unk> with my friends , I was <unk> with my sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to have a prize for a community .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's a evident problem .
She actually has n't achieved anything . '' And he was right .
I went to school , had good notes . After school , I had a under profile in my mother 's <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing can be considered as a achievement if we took disability outside the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of teaching at a high school school school , just after about 20 minutes in the class of 11 minutes , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when you 're going to give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What a speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about law enforcement for some good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your key speech .
When people in a wheelchair , they 're talking about things that are <unk> in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the act of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had had a experiences with people who were disability as objects of inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the guy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , I 'm going to be able to do this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for you to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 're lied to the disability .
Yes , you 've sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , at capital , capital capital .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't have to make you fantastic .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You might have seen one , from the girl with no hands drawing with a held pencil by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term , because we 're going to give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , you 're going to have the disabled disabled people .
The purpose of these images is inspire , motivate , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad , my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that I 've been talking about strange to express that you think I 'm brave or a source of inspiration , and this was happening before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I get to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are <unk> to people who have disabilities for people without disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think things are n't so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a hard thing .
Let 's get some things together .
But the things that we 're not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm telling me to call the social model of disability , which tells us that we 're more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnoses .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
The things I need to do , and I 've learned to make the best of their capacity as you 're doing it , and that 's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to <unk> in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration . ''
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking about .
I 'm here to be inspired by inspiration , and you think , `` God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I 'm .
I 'm talking about other people with disability at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I think this is a great idea to use a bunch of course , to pick up the things that fall off , and I 'm going to show the clever trick of how to load the battery from the mobile phone on the battery .
Great .
We learn from the strength and resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnoses , but against a world that we 're going to do , and we 're going to get them together .
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the most injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote , `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is that it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a scale of stairs has n't made it a ramp .
Never . <unk> to a television screen wo n't appear for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and we kept a positive attitude to convert all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> , '' you do n't be considered to be seen from anything to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disability that we 're <unk> to wake up the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability , and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 grade in high school in high school school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
disability does n't make us exceptional , but to question what you believe about is what it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional soccer , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so , please , not <unk> .
When people think of reality reality , they think of `` Minority Report '' and in Tom Cruise <unk> their hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because reality augmented our lives as much as the Internet and mobile telephones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : The Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experiment what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and know what 's running by the game of play at 100 miles miles , blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a <unk> guy , we can have <unk> , trying to deal with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's nothing nice .
So I 'm going to get some videos to show you what 's the Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not pictures of the NFL practices , because the idea of the emerging technologies is a submarine coming up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A little bit . It was a little bit .
So ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You 've realized that lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from Washington University .
<unk> , <unk> , 54 ! Mice !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This one little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , being their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of the field .
Is it a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called <unk> Rift , which surely many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as a virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my gosh ! Oh my gosh ! Oh my gosh !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain to go for his life .
What will the experience of a fan when you 're going to get a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , you 're looking at a <unk> with the arm before they run and do a notation ? What 's the experience of a fan of a fan .
When it can be <unk> running out of the stage , releasing the ball to the bottom of the network , or would you have to get a step out of the web ?
What will their experience be when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a Olympic corner ?
Maybe you would have <unk> sales for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , the augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners look at what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they 're always using technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick version of the technology in the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> had a <unk> to their <unk> <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put into the <unk> of the fields and then in the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player back to your group , and you see your next one , you see in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that they 're wearing . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a hand .
or by memorize the strategy .
They just go into the field and react .
And the coaches they want , because if they do n't follow their instructions , they 're lost , and they hate losing games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your business .
How do you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium , having a view from the people who are down .
You also get data from the <unk> sensors and <unk> , something you 're already working on .
And all of that information is being sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
So this <unk> the good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being only for nerds .
It will be for athletes , who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine it 's the <unk> .
We would get the ball and <unk> .
You 're going to go into an open receiver . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight is going to be given to you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> . Normally , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system .
Let 's go to the protection area .
Another flashlight is that there 's an open receiver .
We would get the ball , but you 're going to get married .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receptor sees it on its bombsight , an area of grass that lights and can modify the career .
This is coming up , it catches the ball , running , and he does .
The audience goes mad and fans have continued to get it from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the party .
So I 'll make lots of people you see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be their favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between humans , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of income per year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful is their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it is being haunted ?
How much is it worth for a lava <unk> or a Neil <unk> , trying to inspire a generation of kids to think more in space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality reality is about .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they rely on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in <unk> <unk> in California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the southern end of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate .
The bridge is an iconic structure , we 've known the world for their beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational architectural .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate is open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , the head head of building the bridge , he said , `` The bridge is almost proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical .
But from his openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as that , that each of it releases you from all your worries and pain , and the waters that go under your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free age of four to five seconds , the body against the water about 120 miles per hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which drives vital organs .
Most of them died in the impact .
The ones that do n't , they 're usually preserved in the helpless water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to have this suicide approach to realize the death of death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people are in order to get out of life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darkest moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this photo last year while this young man was talking to a official contemplating his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service to those who <unk> suicide , but the officials also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today official officials and psychologists train the new government .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him from July 22 last year by getting a call from a single suicide subject sitting on the fence near the center of the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , he watched Jason talking to a official of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason had only 32 years , and he had flown up to here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up to two times before the New Jersey of New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we were asking if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created by Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From her came out of pests , row , and all kinds of <unk> against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few of them , leaned on to the right , and it was .
This kind of nice , smart girl in New Jersey just removed life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I suppose when I was talking to them , it did n't seem very well , because the next day , the rabbi 's rabbi called me to see how it was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage affect a lot of people affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved outside ?
What would you say ?
What would I say ?
In my experience , it 's not only to speak , but you need to listen .
Listening to understanding .
You 're not <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably not know it .
You 're just there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think someone 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
So one way of asking you the question is , `` Others in similar circumstances have thought to end their life , you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save life and will be the tipping point for them .
Other signs looking for : hopelessness , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to be better ; we 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about this -- recent social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk about a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read you his letter .
She lost his son on the 19 of January this year , and he wrote this email just just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and curious that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I think you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking , I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home , talking about it to their friends , and so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing more times to realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the party of 49 with his father on December 19 .
It was never there .
He called the police of <unk> and has reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
I had seen it jumping from the bridge to the <unk> of the previous day .
Thank you very much for that to fight for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before it did n't have to have any mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the way his son took that day , and also the value to go forward .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a single suicide subject on the bridge to the bottom of the northern tower .
<unk> my two-wheeler on the sidewalk and looked at this guy , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , they cross immediately the railing , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
So for the next one , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
So , he decided to his account to go back to that lane and give him another opportunity .
When he came back , it was <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did you go back and gave us to hope and the other opportunity ? ''
And you know what he said ?
He said , `` I heard me .
You stopped talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I received a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> .
`` Dear Sir <unk> , nothing erase the events of the 11th of March , and you 're one of the reasons why he goes to us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was crying for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly correlated .
So I brought to Kevin when I was six months old , completely unconscious of all those features of all of those traits , but thank God , we now know it .
This is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of it , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night , you 're <unk> as the patient .
`` Well , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active member of society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather was killed by poison .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , theft of the opportunity to meet it .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who are suicide , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of hurt another person .
They just want their own pain .
Usually , this is made only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol .
In my career , I 've said , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and call from suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a guy who talked about an hour .
During that time , I 'm going to get my hand on three occasions .
On the end , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , Sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped up .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people that we get to be able to contact on that bridge do n't kill themselves .
In addition , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that to the second that they 're going to end up the railing , they realized that they 'd made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge that we do , is something that everyone and each of us should be used to do .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but you know what you 're , and you know what you 're , and you know , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I was able to get the dream that I 'd had from a child .
My outside finally <unk> with my truth , with my inner self .
So for complicated reasons , I 'm going to go later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you got it , arrived .
But last October , I found that I 'm just starting .
We all have our families , our religion , our society , our society , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin or by the beliefs of the people around us .
They are people who always defy the quo quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called this puzzle .
This is mine .
I had as `` child '' as a boy , because of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always get that shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to <unk> .
The gender is always considered unchanging , but we now know it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never had to share my story , not because I thought to be what I 'm bad , but how the world is about those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , dad and a family who got me accept as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , the goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman showed up to me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me , this is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was still wearing a man , I met this woman named <unk> .
It 's the director of a chronic beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why do n't you be involved in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if you were going to get it out of the overhead and the costumes , and that night , he won in a bathroom suit , he won at the top suit , and he was third finalist between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was within the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from the beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , I called me , and I told me that they were spending the green card that I could go to the United States .
I had resisted .
I said to my mother , `` Mom , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know , if you 're silent to the United States , you can change the name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested that I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's funny that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the most sophisticated and secure surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to have surgery before we changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F '' of gender .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity is being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears looked like <unk> .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and it will be model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who was living his truth , but that , <unk> , put his life into his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
And all 20 o'clock in November we do a global vigil by <unk> <unk> .
I 'm on this scenario , thanks to a long story of people who are <unk> and stood up to the injustice .
These are Marsha Intellectual Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , at this moment , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone , and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others to live their truth without shame , fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday there 's no more <unk> from 20 to November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . KT Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Of course .
To my support network , my parents especially , my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , he took my mom and said , `` Mom , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that assignment not block , and that should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
<unk> movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many , patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents generally know them for their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for his daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for the education in the 2007 , and when he went into his efforts in 2011 , by giving the National Rights Prize in peace , it was very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humankind , the history of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when we were born a girl , his birth is not celebrating .
You do n't welcome , not by his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes to the mother , and nobody <unk> the father .
And a mother takes a lot of a little bit of a child .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , you get sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , it was <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , it feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers from , but daughter 's newborn daughter , when it grows , it 's too .
At the age of five years old , when I should go to school , it 's up at home , and the school supports their brothers .
Until 12 years , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , it 's held out of his house without a male tone .
It 's confined to four walls of his house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if we were to <unk> the code of that honor of course , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , not only the life of a girl , also affecting the life of the male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor of course .
And there 's one more norm of the patriarchal societies called catastrophe .
It 's supposed to be a good girl must be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepting their father 's decisions and their mother and the patient 's decisions , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you marry an old man , he has to accept it , because he does n't want to be behind <unk> .
If young girls , it has to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` marry , <unk> , and then it gives birth to more kids and girls . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson from his daughter and the same lessons of their kids .
And this vicious cycle goes up and continuing .
So , I was <unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I noticed , all of them were men , and he grabbed my pen , and I would pick up a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half years old , the <unk> in my school .
You might wonder , why should I mention a little girl in a school ?
Yes , I have to say .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many countries developed , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for the child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and the aspiration where it can explore its potential for its future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you 'd be surprised , two weeks before , when we were going to <unk> the form of Canadian visa , and I was in the relative to the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document .
That was the reason that value to my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
The <unk> to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to <unk> her personality .
And this was not just for her , just to <unk> it .
I have all these good values in my school girls and girls alike .
I used the education to the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of catastrophe .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
They were <unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for humans , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's involvement in all of the political and economic , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social and social , social
Hundreds of schools lost .
The girls were banned at school .
The women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and the singers killed .
It was <unk> million , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk for their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> stood up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a daily day for the BBC blog , he was offered to the documentaries of the New York Times , and he talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It was <unk> as a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason that Taliban could not tolerate his campaign , and the ninth of the 2012 , he was shot in my head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and for me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> in between life and death , I sat down to my wife , `` Should I blame him for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , you do n't know .
You 're going to get the cause .
You 're going to get your life into the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both of them were on the right way and God protect them . ''
These very few words <unk> a lot for me , and I did n't ask to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was known by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to do good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we were <unk> .
And we would have learned brothers and sisters , and we 've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult times , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite a icon for the rights of children and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He 's crying when he did n't end his job .
It was fight with his brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What 's a special thing in my mentoring that has done so audacious , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did .
I did n't cut their wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> in the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently , I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> to my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I made it before I put Google or out there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you still as smart or not ?
Is it going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen of powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , he would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix them from chemicals , and try to get , to keep living .
Over once I 've been saved by little .
But luckily , I have <unk> soul , so I decided that I would do to try to get the <unk> dose , because there 's really no clear map that I tell you in <unk> .
I began to try and mix it together , and I was shocked by looking at how little changes in the doses would change my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried dose and chemical chemicals for a <unk> man , and I was amazed when I would change my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in the sex , and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world , and -- -- of course , many times in the past I 've met various kinds of guys , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an end .
But my big surprise was that it was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a so insecure , to fix a problem that had the front , and it just did n't happen that .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and about what they have to go through , since I 'm getting better with men .
What it was trying to achieve , and the adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth , was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about it almost always in images , and that became my key reference point : how can I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want , new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is not new .
It 's going to be like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , look at things like similar .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
There are the question of this idea , and there 's a lot of discussions about how the mind works , to me is simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> thinking and inventive .
So after several years , I 'm able to find the right point , and I have already lots of great <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and so long .
Now , I 'm working on how fast these mental images , of my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a film film could be able to use their imagination just to steer the world that 's in front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There are amazing possibilities with this , as the way creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is that , the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that we 've done by two groups that were leading in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI technology , image of functional fMRI , to represent the brain , and you can see the brain scanning done by <unk> <unk> and their colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scanning of a person watching an image .
The middle column shows the brain scanning of that same individual as you imagined , looking at that same picture .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the content of the central column on the left . You see the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine looking at that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share another experiment . This is the Jack <unk> laboratory in Berkeley , California .
They were able to make the waves of brain waves in pluralist fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they would be able to create their brains to create a big sign of the brain to the video footage .
Then , I showed you a movie with new new images , new people , new animals , and while you 're going to get a new scanning .
The computer , using just the brain information of the scanning <unk> to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the computer of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This was left <unk> .
We 're good about it .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture , it 's believed in the brain the same mapping .
This was carried out with the brain scanning systems of most resolution available today , and its resolution became a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do this ?
There are many techniques to do it .
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer me for that .
Many are proposing new techniques of projection by images , including me , with the recent result of MRI , first we have to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets <unk> only offer small improvements in resolution , not for thousands as we need .
I 'm proposing this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in the <unk> of resourceful and brilliant , <unk> and <unk> transmitters , in the broadcasting and receivers of FM radio in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use physical patterns attached to the FM radio .
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio patterns , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scanning .
In addition , we can then split into layers , our growing knowledge of the brain structure and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We will be able to put our ideas directly into the digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer 's cure and diseases .
We have a few more options that open this door .
Of all forms , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about this night about coming out of the closet , and not just a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet is to tell you to some person for the first time you love or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you 've got to be done in life .
All closet , it 's a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived , and I 'd go out of that closet .
And we do n't like it , and we do n't like it .
A lot of years ago , I was working on the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I would n't get my armpits , I 'm going to quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be able to be able to get out of my underwear , and I had my head to my head , and I asked myself , `` Hey , you 're a little kid or girl ? ''
And there was a awkward silence on the table .
I would take my jaw a little closer , I would take my cafe with a little bit of anger .
The father was <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and it would spread inside .
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
It would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
Are you a guy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues on the table , and I had Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem 's quotes .
Even a fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I take a deep breath , and I went down to my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist profession , just a girl with a question , `` Are you a guy or girl ? ''
So I take a deep breath again , and I got a little bit close to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is a little bit confusing .
I have the short hair like the guy from a guy , and I 've seen a girl , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
But I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajama . ''
And that little girl looked at me , pay attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Ah , ha you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easy conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and me , both of us , we were honest with the other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some of them in my life , and yes , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But in the dark , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how you 're living in a closet .
It 's like my closet , it 's not different from yours or yours or yours .
You know , I 'll give you 100 reasons why I go out of my closet , it was more difficult to go out of his , but this is the issue : it 's hard not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who 's declared in banking is more difficult to tell him that it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that is more difficult to say to your five years that you 're going to be divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classify what we 're hard with is that it 's difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we have to only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in crowds , and you can make safety , or at least security than the other side of the door is going to be .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse line , a <unk> dress .
It was n't the militant lesbian , to fight against any four-year-old four-year-old .
He was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my dark closet , and the move only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever had .
My family , my friends , full of strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do n't disappoint , and now the world turned around to purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't spears that grenade , you will kill you .
I was one of my most memorable grenade .
And it was the first time that many of the guests knew that he was gay , and when I do my honor of honor women , in my black dress and heels , I walked around tables and finally came to a where my parents 's friends , people who were known to be done .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` Did you ever have were in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my <unk> ?
It 's very good , and you 've never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace program ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but instead of showing the support , to get me to know that I was on my side , he finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband is using pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like it .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
What else can you ask for someone , but do you get to work ?
If you 're authentic to be authentic with somebody , you have to be ready for how authentic you get .
It 's like that , as hard conversations do n't have to be my strong point .
Ask anyone that I 've gone out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what 's going to go out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Take the armor . Be you .
That little girl in the cafe did n't have armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be true , the others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Sean 's direct , just <unk> . <unk> your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say their parents that might be gay , they will stay hope that could change .
You do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most importantly -- let 's bring complex .
You communicate their truth .
It will never be done by that .
And some of them can go out , safe , <unk> by what they 've done , but you 're never sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find out in a dark closet , you 're going to get a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you can feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the night .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing as Alan Turing .
And so some years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about biology from Earth or from the Earth 's Earth and the Earth 's intelligence , but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like grapes , we know that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , which has no concept about the Earth 's intelligence , you would have to be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to certain times in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped trying to do it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took over several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues across science , across several disciplines , which pointed out , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be shaped by the development of intelligence , and , in particular , to the development of universal states that we have the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of making complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues and put them together , I said , for several years ago : Is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an claim that intelligence is a force , F , which acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or keep the open choices , with a <unk> force , with the diversity of possible future future , yeah , to an impending time , ultimately .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to get caught .
The intelligence is to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open choices .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : what can you do with this ?
How little robots is it ?
Do you get the level of human intelligence ?
Do you make artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video I think , to show some of the surprising applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more mess , or `` entropy , '' during their life , should have tendency to have tendency to be more favorable to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if this cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence would be a deeper relationship ?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually it 's directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system that you can find inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could spend multiple evidence of animal intelligence , play games of human games , and even making money trading , everything without that I would have to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a foot of foot without falling , here we see <unk> attached to a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided by his mind to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have apps for robotic robotics and human technologies .
This capability of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from the opposite of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable into a variety of domains .
For example , here we see them successfully playing a game of dealing with itself , to be able to make its potential for play .
So here we are looking at four new connections into a social network where the friends are constantly constantly and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a ships wheel , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to scale across the world in the middle of the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable into a autonomous defense problem , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discover and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a series of actions of actions , successfully increasing assets under their management .
This risk management skill will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive behaviors like the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derived from a single equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term the term , the `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you were smart machines , there would be an cyber rebellion .
The machines meet against us .
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that computers first become smart and then <unk> and try to take over the world .
It 's all the contrary , that the urge to take control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the search for the goal .
And often me ask me , how do you look for goals to go out of this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're in a tipping point in human history , something between the <unk> of the stars and lose the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars , which points to Earth is only one between the billions of our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them , and you put a little bit of that light that 's given to us .
The data collected by Kepler show the size of the planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and autobiographical , like the Earth 's planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure of potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humankind .
The year 2014 was the hottest recorded .
<unk> and ice ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused to global scale have expanded rapidly our ability to change their course .
But I 'm not a scientist of the weather , no astronomer .
But that study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say I look for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites us to a comparison between the first planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further away from the sun , it can be considered an potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track its surface in search of the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , as the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere , and they 're trying to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
The private firms now offer not only short space flights , but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But despite the fact that all these <unk> images remind us to remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked into our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still going to colonize , places that are really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the lowest and highest places on Earth , the air is fresh , and it filled with oxygen of oxygen , by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I worry about this enthusiasm for the colonization of Mars , and other planets can be able to get a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some of us that Mars will hope for us to save us from this mighty planet that we know that it 's truly habitable , the Earth .
For a lot that I like exploring <unk> exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reason to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to anticipate humanity is as you imagine that the captain of the Titanic will have to have a place later on the worth of life . Thank you .
But the targets for exploring <unk> and the preservation of the Earth is not doomed .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world looks like aliens .
You just find more close to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep livable spaces , in hostile areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
A lot of years ago , Enrico Enrico years ago , Enrico Enrico years ago , Enrico Enrico years ago , though , is that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of alien life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider between the stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're doing .
It 's arrogant to think that we only have to be able to save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and exploration exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to put into the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll get my own home .
And while I was on the front front looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were on the dining table , where I 'd left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all good closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a lot of time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight in Europe to the next morning , and my passport and my suitcase .
They 're expensive expensive , but sure that there 's no more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I would stand right standing .
I 'm a career neurologist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate , and we 'll get the adrenaline levels and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized that I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that could do , systems that could put in place , which will avoid the bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that will be the probability of the total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about it , but even a month later my thoughts were not <unk> .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed he told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called hindsight <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , yeah ?
In the <unk> , as it explains Danny , you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that you might go wrong , next , trying to figure out what can do to prevent things out or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are obvious , others are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with obvious .
In the house , we 'll make a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds of common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make a track of the location of things that 's important , where it 's good , where the fish are , that there are the <unk> , where the tribe are friends friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that would spread out in London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the sense of the squirrels , and you can still find their nuts .
They were not used to smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved and evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move a lot , not so good for things that they 're moving a lot .
This is the reason for losing your keys keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , it 's going to be a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For his passport , a particular crate .
For their reading glasses , a particular table .
If you get a place and they 're <unk> with it , their things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit cards , a picture of your credit cards , driving , <unk> <unk> to themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal it , it can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're low stress , the brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of <unk> practice is recognizing that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And sometime at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm talking about a very particular medical condition .
But this is sort of <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact , the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions , any of the decision that we need to take from that they would benefit a rational cause of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , attack heart .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to make a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most <unk> medications in the world today . It 's even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , <unk> <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that 's been asking for most doctors do n't want to speak , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to do .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or having to have a surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And you have to think about what kind of <unk> statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's a fault of somebody , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people .
So the number you need to deal with is more widely likely to deal with the most widely broadly , which you think is ?
How many people have to take it before you can help a person ?
300 .
This is based on the research of researchers talking <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , cerebral stroke or another adverse event .
Now maybe you think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to get my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Give them the prescription anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for some more statistics , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Yes ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : allergies pain and articulate and articulate pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , I still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
You remember , low stress , you do n't think of clarity .
So , think about how to do this with time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying you should not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic takes it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air of the crash , but actually this number you need to treat is pretty typical .
For the surgery that 's done in the biggest men in 50 , <unk> prostate cancer , the number you need to try is 49 .
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects of that case , they produce 50 percent of patients .
Those include the impotence or disfunction disfunction , urinary incontinence , crafts , fecal cravings .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of that 50 percent of that 50 percent of course , or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about the questions that you can make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think of now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change in the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you go off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the wi-fi or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it 's not react to the fast . You might have to be the lunch of the lions , so nothing about that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those times of stress is the rational logical thought , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have demonstrated .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all <unk> .
We 're all going to fail once when .
The idea is to think about the future , how it could be that competition , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things in the first place .
<unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I went back from my journey , my contractor , and I installed a lock of combination next to the door , with a key to the gateway to the same , an easy way to remember .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't sorted out , and lots of text messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite music symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to play louder .
Two <unk> , even cooler .
Four <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of them can have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , plus a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came in during the 1800s , and over time , he joined the local signs , and it was developed the language we know today as <unk> .
So it 's about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I believed that it was true .
However , now I realize it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , actually , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following beating their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I get the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers , and they amplify sound .
And I 'm going to be able to figure out that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't break the door ! ''
Do n't make a lot of noise on the eating of the potato chips ! ''
`` Do n't <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the plate . ''
So I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for them to be the sound , which is about coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle and blobs .
In culture deaf , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , do n't be with my thumb that 's not natural .
That 's why I have four lines on the paper .
In the year 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for a artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend and that 's called attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to be more of art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't only experience through your ears .
I can feel it in a touch way , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started creating a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was some of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get to me and my art job , or I could empower it .
I chose to <unk> me .
There 's a massive culture around the language of language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as it and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be relevant to society today .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They 're helping me to hear .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for their voices , I 'm able to hold a temporary form of value as you can take a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue to go with this practice , I feel that I could be able to be able to be able to be in oblivion and not have any social value .
So with the sound as my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and fully express on the paper .
And the same thing can say of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect everything as much of the signals as the sounds .
I 'd like to share a metaphor for the piano , so that you understand better how it works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> divides in many different kinds of parameters .
If it 's <unk> a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano , as the facial expression , the body movement , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so , while you touch the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to be able to be just one key at the time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone , doorbell and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> . ''
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> <unk> .
Oh , <unk> .
Uh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , enough !
So I 'm going to think , and if I look at them through the glasses of music ?
If I had to create a sign , and it 's going to do it again and again , it could be like a visual music piece .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' , the sun goes out and it turns out .
This is all the day .
If you 're going to break it down , it 's going to look at the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time is expresses the time in <unk> and how the distance to the body can express change in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` Last '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea , and dramatic at once , `` Once . ''
`` Time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary time '' I think automatically automatically .
Watch <unk> : hand , E , E : hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ 2 : <unk> , <unk> . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands .
Now we 're going to do it as much in head like the chest , like , `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yes , very good .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and signs of signs around the world .
The second thing I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization . ''
Now , third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Look at how three signs are very similar , all of them occur in head and chest , but they 're transmitted very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have any sounds , it does n't have social value .
We have to begin to question what 's social value and allow them to grow its own value , no sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn how you have to learn to learn music .
The <unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say , `` You can pay everything , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults were lied to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning each other .
The time happened , now I 'm a grown-up and teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , clean up the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking drinking , and if it 's , I did n't know it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's some creepy .
And in the last decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify it into this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's too risky to use those enormous boats .
So along with my students , with six to 15 years , we dream about to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of work with height , so that kids are very familiar to be able to participate .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who routinely manipulate electric tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to push them into something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited with robots .
Then we created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch .
And we turned bulbs and online cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that moves slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process process this picture and measure the size of each particle , to get a estimate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
So , I 'm going to get this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with hope that someone gets better .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to see immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , they look at the Internet , and they 're <unk> with this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , just using your hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink , it 's the water that sticks , the water where fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also color brown and when everything mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of a call that can light up through all kinds of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
So we got this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it was exploring several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station close to the water .
And today , according to the reports of 300 tons , they are still filtering out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , reality is a little more complicated than that .
I 've returned to Fukushima every year from the crash , and I did independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and we wanted to bring the kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were not allowed .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did , because they 're going to have to live with the entire life .
Along with them , we discussed the data , we discussed the data and we talk about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the map of elevation , we created pigment in the real time of radioactivity , and contaminated water , to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was reported from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was an estimate estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear central to the date .
We 're approaching it up to 1.5 miles from the nuclear station , and with the fishermen of fishermen from the area , we were collecting sediments of the sea bed with a tracking tracker as we invented and we built .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We do n't even begin to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the jump and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit like so small therefore , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of kids can become reality with adults , and where adults can be kids again .
Students : <unk> ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help the mobility of the population of high age transforming their car chairs into new electric vehicles ?
The plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect kids from horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people , and to really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposing design .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of a silk silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is on the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fight for being free .
The <unk> was just a tool of Michelangelo .
But the living things are not <unk> .
They grow up .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we have all of the information that needed for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by producing manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world that 's made of a world , and we would have the imagination of designers and Egyptian architects to think of their objects as <unk> parts with different parts .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You acts primarily as a filter , the other primarily as the barrier , and yet , it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that varies gradually its functionality through variation .
So here 's a split screen that represents my vision of the divided world , twice as a designer of every designer and architect to work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , is shown in the two screens after me .
My job , in the simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , flying away from the assembly and closer to growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why did n't it happen 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where you 're carrying four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create it .
Please know the minds and my hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , of scale , like this robotic arm with a level of 24 feet in diameter with a certain day that some day is not too far apart to print entire buildings , and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically altered microorganisms .
So here we have <unk> the trickster , a archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each opening is from only size to shape light and the heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with a 3D printing collaborator , we printed this cape and blind 3D agreed between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a CT scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows to design products that are not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We also designed an acoustic chair , a chair to the structural , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The teacher Carter , my collaborator , went back to nature to be inspired , and when we design this irregular surface , it becomes <unk> .
We 're going to have this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the points of pressure in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , shapes its functionality , not by the addition of other material or another assembly , but they 're continuously continuously , but we have the material .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them got to me and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she said , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
So for that first <unk> tree , there was no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
All the tree was a fruit .
Instead , the earth did grow trees with branches , cortex and flowers .
The land created a world of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design if the objects were made of a piece ?
Do you have a better state of creation ?
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons occur every year by shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we can tune their properties , we could produce <unk> structures on one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks , <unk> and produced toothpaste .
We have chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
So to print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple <unk> of <unk> .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single piece of material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it turns it down to find a natural form of contact with air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and make it in sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition into no mesh problems , and if it expanded even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for replicating objects , put into the sea , <unk> marine life , and put on the ground , they will grow a tree .
So the adjustment for our next building using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life on the <unk> .
To do that , we must master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive form and biological form .
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , which instead of <unk> metals , it 's added new biological capabilities within very small channels .
This field is called <unk> .
We 'll get our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquids bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , it combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the fresh water bottles .
And secondly , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One makes light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship on a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to hold these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help flow these bacteria , and that we would make their function on the way .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , <unk> the material properties of the material we wanted .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they will make more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , it 's 60 meters old .
This is half the length of a soccer field , and 10 times more than our lean intestine .
And here it is , as you 're going to be at TED , our first portable antiviral , brilliant liquids channels with life inside clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're <unk> creatures , only half it 's done . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases living stuff ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we 're going to make our skin , would we have broken tissue and get our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
So , you always have to go back to nature .
For now , you know that a 3D printer printed material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It 's growing . It 's growing with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home home inside of which it was <unk> .
The manufacturing manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , bringing those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first becomes in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to cut a cocoon of compression .
The tension and the destruction of life , the two forces of life , is manifest in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we put a small magnet on the head of a silk worm , to the line .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that shape , the composition of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
And often , the silk worms have to be able to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid of it and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that we saw these templates , we could shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It was <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot , and we had a <unk> robot , and we had a place in our site .
We knew that the silk worms were going to be able to get into the darkest and cold areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and the heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , reinventing silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get to the tracks .
We asked them to waste silk worms to a silk farm .
And after to give them four weeks , they were ready to meet us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put their eggs , and life begins again , like us , but a lot , much more short .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity , and he was right .
When you get biological silk , about the <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , you 're going to waste silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Scientists , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk <unk> through a robotic arm , the other full gaps .
If the last of the design of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us , to form a ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
So here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which takes us from a inspired design of nature to a nature of nature , which demands of us , for the first time , that we do for the first time , that we do for nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've asked you , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
You can <unk> their fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if you say , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school I like English , <unk> and art , and then , it would play the guitar in a punk band named <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard of us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But with time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it gets to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to be familiar with something else , which is completely different , and I 'm going to get it into it , and I 'll let me absorb you , and I 'm going to go , `` Yes ! I 've found this thing , '' and then again , this point where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and I thought to <unk> .
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something bad about this , and a bad thing to me , and something bad for nothing .
I was afraid to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my success .
If you can relate my story , and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask me then .
Ask themselves , where do you have to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned it from culture .
And we ask them first , `` What do you want to be from bigger ? ''
So when we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about that age .
It 's considered a naive question to trigger nice answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being an dancer , '' or `` I want to be hacker . ''
So we 're going to go up the game suit here .
This question gets us over and again , as we 're growing in diverse shapes , <unk> , to school students are asked to pick in university .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be from bigger ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise in before we take sleep .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by kids to dream with what could be , it 's not inspired to dream with everything you might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer to 20 things , even though adults are good , you might not laugh and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a <unk> craftsman and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Yunus , and he 's a <unk> craftsman and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , the editor of magazine turned into <unk> , entrepreneur and a creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
Everything you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to be in during this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected to this way ?
What happens if there are many different issues that wake up his curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like you as one in that framework .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And feel that there 's something bad with you .
There 's nothing bad in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that to say .
It could help if it divides in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You 're also able to use other terms of the same idea as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was good at multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 're going to have any term you like or <unk> yourself .
It seems like a kind of <unk> to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you must win .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are enormous strengths to be in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interests shared in cartography , data visualization , trips , mathematics and design , when I started to start <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewels .
In <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its eclectic <unk> of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at the intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at the intersection .
The second superpower superpower is learning is fast .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We looked at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it was many times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of trying new things and go out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area that we 're going to do , so we rarely started zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and independent writer .
As a pianist , as a pianist was given an amazing capacity to develop the muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I become a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
It had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write a compelling question for editors .
It 's rarely a loss of time to do what you 're attracted to , even if at the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have foreseen .
The third superpower superpower is the adaptability . That 's the ability to transform anything that 's needed in a situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , web designer , sometimes consultant , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
<unk> magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if you 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest to encourage the <unk> to themselves .
We have complex problems , identify right now , and we need creative creative thinkers to cope with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They <unk> from the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad in you .
In fact , some of the best teams get into a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep down and put it into ideas , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we 're all going to design lives and racing with how we 're wired .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> , it 's mostly encouraging them to just be more like their partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing that you 're going to take from this talk , I hope that 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , <unk> by all the media .
That 's where you will give the best thing .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those that you 've just realized about being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you : <unk> with their many passions .
Keep his curiosity for those <unk> <unk> .
They would have the intersections .
We 're going to get our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year , there 's a woman named <unk> led to a psychiatric psychiatric entrepreneurs .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but I would go through it until , unfortunately , died in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates , and it 's taken into the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give her more aid than he gave him 150 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient in receiving a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Of course , medicine has moved a lot .
They have found antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> for the <unk> and much more .
But some of it has made progress in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's from over a decade ago .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will be 150 million that , by the way , including many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's being almost one of two .
In other words , there is the likelihood that they spend their years with Alzheimer 's , or helping care of a friend or being wanted to be wanted to Alzheimer 's .
Just in the United States , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending on Alzheimer 's disease .
This is the most expensive disease , and their costs need a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation of the generation of the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight it .
Today one of the first 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less Alzheimer 's from other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research , which is despite Alzheimer 's despite the fact that it costs more Alzheimer 's and causes a annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us , even scientists , Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think it 's going to be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only looking at a picture of a healthy brain compared to the patient of a Alzheimer 's disease to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's due to Alzheimer 's , is significantly significantly effective .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and it was strange in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of proteins proteins .
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are sticky .
And when it folds well , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are staying on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules stick in each other , forming groups that can form big plates , and it 's shining .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and the identification of what block is complex , like a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
You 're going to get the others to make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that it block , and then create a drug that does .
Until recently , in the most part , they have reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , a geneticist , chemicals , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new type of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
No one outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that are placed inside of them , as humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly ill .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just an initial result , but the research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
So , after 9.3 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that we grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We 've got to agree with Alzheimer 's is a disease , and that if we tried it , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have more research and physical pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move into HIV in the late 1980s .
We see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones , and night , they 're often too hard to go out and advocate for change .
So , really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic illness .
Everybody with a brain run at risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , which ca n't create the change they need to do for themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times in New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with somebody , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience by trying to try it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strange , <unk> and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 're going to go to another person ?
And just ?
We really have it advances , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like it -- Tell your partner what you like it or she , and I know very honest this time , and I started things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came up with this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , since then , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly good , I did n't expect to be on .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the Modern Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's because of August , so I suppose some of you probably would be wondering : they go together still ?
And the reason I think you 're asking this is because they 've done this question over and again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the topic .
A week before he played the article was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog entry can get to a few hundreds of views as much , and those were usually just my Facebook friends , and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would be probably about thousands of views .
And that started a good burden of attention into a relatively new relationship .
But as he was given , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and already on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
On Sunday , I had already called the Show Today Show me and Good American <unk> .
In a month , the article got over eight million visits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing with sincerity about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call or write , what they did every day for weeks , always the same question : they 're still going together ?
In fact , when I was doing this talk , I did a quick search for the mailbox from my email with the phrase , `` Do you still go together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should hope that people feel comfortable by it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be their own life .
In fact , the New York Times was published by Valentine 's Day , which included the experiences of readers when I tried to test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very interested in my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we were both making public emergence together .
They were <unk> TV interviews , and he refused to take pictures of pictures of us two .
I think he was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the <unk> process . A range for that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know whether the study worked , they wanted to know whether it really works , or whether it was able to produce love love , not just an adventure , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people asked the wrong question .
How do we go together or not , and then you would say ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first of these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was n't producing romantic love .
Instead , it was looking for interpersonal focus between university students , using what Aron was called sustained , progressive and mutual .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
Participants were felt closer to doing it , and several earlier studies were used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposing political ideology .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was sitting in this article , but unfortunately , it was never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal university university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you know , you know , you know , the person 's <unk> with you ?
Well he did a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I was , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better after proving the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled upon the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
He had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was probably the whole adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I went through science .
I did n't know everything I could find about romantic love , and I expected it to be able to make the heart of some form of heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just did research for the book that I write , but in hindsight , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I built it with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel so bad .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I look for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me .
What I look for love is a guarantee , not only to be loved today and loved tomorrow , but I will continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media was told about 36 questions is that there might be a shortcut to fall in love .
There might be a way to mitigate some ways of implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : Are they still together ?
And the content with an answer of whether or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that we make more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you remain in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably involves a relationship ? Or even more , how do you live with your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this ; it 's a year ago , a well-known study and I have a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still go together , and I 'm very happy .
But love is not the same thing that remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
You would fall in love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit about it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice .
I did n't think of a few times , we 'd have both to make that decision , and how much times I 'm going to have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he 's always going or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions , I want to love somebody as generous , kind and fun and have expressed that election in the largest American journal .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did not wrote .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in full mountain , and I sort of got a <unk> of the forest .
The New York City makes a time ago , which really struck me but more details later .
I 'm going to start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I would put a dollar box , and I would put a dollar ticket , a pen and a knife on it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought some strange humanoid license , or some aliens found this box about 500 years later , and we would see how our species of ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Of all forms , it 's a grace because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go outside and surfing and all those weird stuff -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took up all the pages and I did a sort of <unk> <unk> to the style Agnes Martin , I did resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is frightened of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite of it happened : somehow it just seemed to increase the size , as if you were going to be able to put the text up with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realize that my God can draw in space .
I can <unk> <unk> , draw like it 's done around a body in the crime scene .
And I pulled the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , botanical -- that you can get an idea .
Then I did some insects and some strange creatures .
It was very fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in human form sculptures sculptures with human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing of a window , then on another window , and I had all these windows together , and I had all these windows together , which are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
So for the playwright , I was inspired by `` The delight of the delight '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic painting .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . You know , this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
Five meters long .
It has double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , he 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures that are traveling with two worlds .
They go from the world of the representation , to this analog mesh of the analog mesh where they hide .
This is where creatures with the heads of animals are going to go to the <unk> , lists to suicide <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird with a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; it 's called the <unk> platform , the <unk> of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird stuff that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while in the other hand , you get clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems to be mythological that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the puzzle .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand in which it goes away .
And then , when you go on to the other side , it 's a nose , like a bird summit , and it removes clouds from this nose .
It also has a <unk> <unk> of a snake , which binds to `` triptych . ''
But anyway , its tail turns out to be fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> balloon made of Christmas cards in 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It leads me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about six years to do 100 of these human beings .
Each of our culture is a archive of our culture , through media and the material is encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive as a human being , and they travel into groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they get together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting years .
Each one is basically a <unk> of microscope that it 's 1,300 pounds with a human caught inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to share it for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that 's coming out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of thing to be <unk> .
It 's a quick version of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a dead body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between two .
There are some pills that go out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This leads me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a radio of a radio , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world .
And we would put the box and all of the people in the inside of them as particles .
And I think that 's how to change the world .
When you convince yourself who is and the box where you 're living .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts about the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But for this pill , it has an effect against pain , first goes through the stomach , the gut and other organs .
So I 'll take a pill is the most effective system , and we 're going to take a pill , so that any given drug effect on the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that when you 're going to put it up any drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the count cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that takes to get to the blood stream , they 're <unk> , and worse even for the time that it takes to get to their fate , which is where it 's more important : in the brand of HIV .
These are regions of the body as the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and does n't easily go into the blood of the patients who are transported to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life treatment .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Can we do the treatment directly to the waste of the virus , without the risk of medicines ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you use it in dentistry , for caring care and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything you can imagine , including the <unk> transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and closed almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
You 're asking , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small , powerful beam laser on the cellular membrane in HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that has the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
So , before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro technology or in Petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , leading to the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributed the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yes . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied government armed groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
We 're going to see what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these <unk> agents and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation to the nonviolent confrontation .
I do work in field , in the world of politics and library .
By understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , of <unk> peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups , and we even have to engage or put them into any process of successful conflict .
But how do you do it ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how do they do , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and political policies relate .
Everything 's part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the <unk> <unk> , known for her violent versus Israel .
From their creation in the 1980 , <unk> also has established a political party , a social services network and a military device .
Similarly , Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Bank from 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shoot .
They 're multitasking .
We had a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the magazine magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of risk without looting , but by using business , for example , construction firms .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , raise their funding , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something more : create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , they 're going to be able to professional training programs or <unk> programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population to offering something that the state does n't mean , safety and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan left by the war or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , you can also understand the efforts of these groups by giving safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , safety has a high high for the population .
But generally , provide social services , it means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and it allows these groups to build and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 of Palestinian transmitters ca n't be able to recognize the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyzed the armed groups , we only think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill gaps in the government , and they emerge as armed and armed groups , involved in nonviolent fight and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated , sophisticated organizations are these organizations , less can be formed as something contrary to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , run the system of sewer .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what 's ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from nations without state and hybrids , and the weakest are states , as in the Middle East , the more come and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest in the military tools .
You know , this gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and bring peace to peace .
If we get better to the armed groups , we will understand better what incentives offer to support the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not give us peace and stability .
To achieve these targets , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum vacuum , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of `` feminist '' would be unfair for the feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm thinking about it as a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started calling the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate deliberate , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had weird ideas about the feminist , these <unk> women , who hated the men and they hated sex , as if that was something bad .
Today , I see how women are being treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that was using people to see that it could be feminist .
It will be labeled as feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I was <unk> as a woman who does n't follow rules , who calls too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
No one wants to be that a rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I went growing , I started accepting that I 'm , in fact , feminist , and also , so proud of being .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
We would have the same paycheck for the same job .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free to bullying or violence .
We have right to use it in a easy way and accessible to contraception and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have these differences and how how it affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I go to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women , and it offends me , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' from the yin Yang .
`` Make your wet shirt .
<unk> , give them , <unk> until you get the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm fully determined by my musical taste .
I believe in the work of the man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all of the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the collection of the grass and the nest maintenance and the nest maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazine and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic comedy , and I have <unk> fantasies of the fairy stories that are actually made .
Some of my crime is more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt his husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise her kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it turns economically vulnerable through this election , the problem is that our society is so that it makes women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
So we get this problem .
You know , you know , this conventional feminism has ignored or <unk> the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender , in favor of white , heterosexual , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It 's also happening the following : As feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put secret feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're doing perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retired with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think of that pedestal before you try to wear there .
So many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' for fear of what that 's going to be , because of fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a little bit of it .
Take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In the <unk> Music of 2014 , in MTV , in front of the word `` feminist '' in front of three feet high .
And it was a great show , to see this star from the pop of the pop , and to make the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> time , the cultural critics started endless debates , if they were n't just feminist .
They 'd be able to get his feminism , instead of simply belief the word of an adult woman and grown .
<unk> perfection , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need so long enough .
We 're much beyond critical and constructive and constructive criticism , and you get the feminism of any woman , I would push it until it 's nothing .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We 're going to recognize our flaws to give the accounts , go to the action and be a little bit more courageous .
If you listen to music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they would change change effectively affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions justify this is more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think in my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great , brilliant , brilliant girls , and too brave , I want to grow in a world .
And where you 're actually focused on strong creatures that are .
I think of them , suddenly , the best option is seen as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a TV show is about sexual violence against women as sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio radio when we hear songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the film elsewhere when movies do n't deal with women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting sports sports where athletes deal with their partners as <unk> sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until his publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in this kind of projects , we can also be able to be included even more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making .
So we 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without collecting these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the top , people in the power directors and film producers and music , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting change and significant change .
We can also say to bravery our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' he says , `` Would you be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , about everything , because my voice was stolen , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it the incident in front of what happened .
You know , boys would tell me when it was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They tried to me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe it was nothing .
I got my voice , and after all I did n't dare to believe that it might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And with it , I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to be in a stronger version of myself .
And the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and of the women that looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned writing like it , and then I learned writing like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if it was a little courageous , another woman could listen to me and see that none of us is nothing that the world is about telling us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the belief that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say , and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little courageous , when you need to be a little courageous , when you need to be a bit courageous .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , or to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that measles that can be awful for a child with a <unk> system , it 's one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this from over half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed controversial about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe the majority of intelligent scientists that the theory of autism cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still going to get the vaccines in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
Now , the few psychologists and the pediatricians that I 'd heard about , they create all his professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence followed just three or four children for each 10,000 .
But then in the 1990s , the numbers started to <unk> .
A fundraising of fundraising as <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Control Control Center , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` <unk> '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks the face of his son of two years , the visual contact .
If the stories of the diagnosis had to scale , why were they so tight ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious about the science of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism and how it discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatry , Leo <unk> , <unk> Johns Hopkins , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 patients who looked like private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands on their face , but they were prey prey to <unk> as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients ' patients in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very weird .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , he said that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as they pick up references from places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , <unk> giving that diagnosis to kids with convulsions , but we now know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
It would spread autism as a form of Ecosia caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , have been <unk> in a fridge that was n't <unk> .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that they find in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they get two years .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the kids were just given by their parents who had heard of their parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the theory of <unk> that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of mothers <unk> mothers was pretty stupid .
She and her husband was warm and <unk> people , and they had a deep autistic daughter named Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a little girl as <unk> <unk> , no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service Service needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
So , I was a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic kids in the community .
What you saw is that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice frames and <unk> , as Judith said , and you saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model of <unk> would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost to try to make sense of their data .
How did n't you realize these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to a piece of reference to a paper published in 1944 , the next year to the article of <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article from competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioned in his own work .
There was not even a translation to the English , but luckily , my husband 's husband talked German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a guy named Hans Asperger , who was leading a clinical clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with the lessons of exercises with music , and kids follow their games on Sundays at the afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability of living forms and tuned spaces during the course of life .
Instead of treating children in his clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he started to help the development of education methods that were especially right for them .
So basically , Asperger 's seen autism as a diverse variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic features were common and always have been , seeing the aspects of this continuum in pop-up archetypes as the awkward social scientist and the clumsy teacher .
He was beyond even to say , that for success in science and art , one piece of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong that autism was <unk> , so that the parents were the head .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Picture Association to extend the knowledge of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger .
So these changes did not fall into my broken bag .
He said , when I was <unk> , and Judith worked between me to reshape these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before she came out `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism , but after the performance of <unk> Hoffman as Professor <unk> and `` Rain Man , '' with four awards of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents of everybody knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical trials were introduced to be used to diagnose autism .
I did n't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of consciousness .
The number of diagnoses started to rise , as they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected that this way out , which is that people with autism and their families finally feel the support and the services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise of diagnoses , a simple , powerful , seductive story as bad as the <unk> theory of autism was <unk> .
If the estimate of the center of the heart of preventing that one of every 68 children in the United States are on the spectrum , it 's right , autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the strains of human cognition .
A way to understand the <unk> is to think about human operating systems .
The fact that a computer does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily easily <unk> , social biology , and it suffers from a attention deficit to the details .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty in a world that was not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting to Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most <unk> aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers , employers with capacity , communities of support , and the parents with faith in their children .
A autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humankind . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to cope with the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not allow us to waste wasting a brain .
Thank you .
