You know that what I do is writing for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress like agriculture, or leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
Today I'm here to talk to you about circles and Egyptians.
And you know that an option generally is something that I would fall in.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's a circle of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blobby.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Studio, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
And they were beaten to bleeding every week on the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she was going to get to the bathroom of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations who were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Port he said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never got to meet.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that you've found.
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to go with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cried, and we realized she needed to be a hospital.
We found it one place, we interacted it, and we took it up and we got rid of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And just as the woman who wanted to meet as an adult came to meet me, he became a cinders box and was put into my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty, and I'm very happy that today, this was talking about.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first eardrum.
I was astonished.
My heart fast, I was killed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg all around me broke out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think more than to think that it was a snowflake on another piece of snow year after year.
The iceberg is born when they get rid of glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to get to go and go down to the end, while others can't support it more and they're discarded in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and alone, in big measure as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I was able to photograph these tags as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist that way, and they won't exist again that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of its path by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photography is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a iceberg that I photographed in Kerunal, Greenland.
It's unlikely to actually be able to preserve a rolling iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your assembly line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a piece of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them considering a baby.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much on the details of the conception, because if you stop thinking about the concept itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is attached to the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them are coming and started life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity, I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people were working the anatomy -- I mean, human and animal bodies, how do you consider the body fluids, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other roles that I put in my work is the activist, as patients, or, as I say sometimes, advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, sensory twins, two people within a same body.
I worked with people with analogies; people much lower than half.
And I worked with many cases of people with athletic sex, individuals whose physical biology doesn't fit in male schools and conventional female.
In general lines, we can call it intelligence.
Interpretation embraces many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways to have a sex that's not going down in male or female common forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with the Owne Casolia, which G gene of chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the federal life, which become testes.
And then in the federal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptor, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of antibiotic resistance.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but without reaction.
As a result, the body is developed following a typical course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when it's growing up and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes something's going on.
After doing it tests, you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's really not.
Women, as men, we have in the body something called supernova glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Surprise glands produce anxieters, the hormone of the masculinity.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman; doesn't know his chromosomes structure; I think to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the craftsmen.
We produce anomalies and we respond to the craftsmen.
As a consequence, somebody like me has the most exposed to the craftsmen that the woman who was born with students who have the syndrome of anxiety.
So sex is complicated . It's not that the speakers are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19 year-old girl born and raised as they're going to go; he had a girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, I took a life as a boy and just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme way of a known disease as a surprise supply.
He had 20 chromosomes, and in the uterus, surfers were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
I was born with a child; nobody suspicious.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, I was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with 29 chromosomes develop what's known as observations, which is, they have an empty tissue wrapped in a testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies, they're anonymous, symmetry twin, or smart people are eaten to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you have a number of surgery is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity; supposedly, it's going to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you show up a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with cartilage.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how startling it is to have children who are born like two people within a same body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor, and it was put in a trial of judgment his sex in the International Games of Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask ourselves,``What are you going to do to determine if you're supposed to be a man or female? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a examination.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a constant line between men and women or among men and interests and women and intelligence; we're us who we're trying to make that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the science more advances, more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that correspond directly with stable ideological categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do with the fact of different of them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we have probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the spheres of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the fetus of the fetus.
There are very skilled discussions today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone is considered.
Our ancestors never had to be seen with this question of whether someone was dead.
Like a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if you didn't do it yet.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to deal with the dilemma of actually determining somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could go to somebody like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
I'll bet that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about me.
Think of the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I've got to admit that I'm a conservative fervent of the founders.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much looking at that music called 1777, and not by music, which is totally passive.
That's what happened in 1978 with the founding parents.
The founders were, for me, the first anatomy activists and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they would replace it with another who was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everybody remembers, what our founding parents was the idea of the monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came on the right of the grandfather to the father and then to the child, etc.
The founders rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They built the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the atomic differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system where two things were spending.
The democracy was spreading, and at the same time, the science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the founding parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanation, and then they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by the way of a birth of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look at, for example, the Declaration of Independence, you talk about nature and God's god.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were transforming the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And in doing it, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
And then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Storeton Court, who said,``I'm not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, color people who were applying the atomic coincidence on the academic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability of disability.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking why we keep a certain division.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example: I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should get to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that five year-old children should be allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them, and they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are concerned at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these things in 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine one of them, Mary, born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms: I was born on March 1.
For the only fact that I've been born three months before Mary are attributed all the rights, three months before Henry -- right to sex consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered, and I haven't told you whether it's XY, in virtue of being considered, it's not possible for mandatory elegance that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on his part, has the same rights to marriage that Henry in every state, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still look like active categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science moved so much in the field of anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could download?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scarce.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to raise the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do chromosomes.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told them at the beginning of the sense of resistance to the craftsmen.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``And I'm going to be able to have a solution . ''
He says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character ,"getting beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yeah, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the contents of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure we should be based on this to ensure people's rights, because I've been able to admit that I know some of the developers that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sex relations than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of the content of the character?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me asked what happened if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to run this current thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian, where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless they're willing to commit a sex shift, where case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago, and then I'd put them out, and so I'll get his fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation, I was a very risky operation, and I told me that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and then I had to do it.
So what I said,``Well, has the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and it is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical politicians, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference.
And one of the things that have interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about cross-cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
You years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism, I was talking about feminist, like now made me a strange plant.
\" Tell me what the feminist has about . ''
And I thought,``That's the most stupid question I ever heard.
Feminism has to do with giving the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about his question, the more I have like there's something female in feminism.
That is, there could be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people by part of the state, it's possible that, to have invaded more mothers to this concept, maybe we'd have enriched the concept of protection with the underlying support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond anatomy: think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So, as we try to create a more perfect union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give up the world dozens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were property, and that the other half still would be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the capability by making up in all the buildings.
But you know that the problem that you're facing is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all of those amplifier.
But they could go to a totally new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the norms of that place facilitate construction instead of putting them.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of good enough reform to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jamie and Ottawa were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras country, I went through a pop-up constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi Book was adopted with a platform in which I promise reform and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Odysseus to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and empower all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both of technologies as norms to progress, and usually they're the norms that prevent us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth a link with TEDGlobal.
I showed it to Jamie.
They called me.
They said,``Let's show this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York . Let's land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, Oprah said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city underground is a place where we start with displaced terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not to live under those norms.
So the condoms of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Tell and talked about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the holes that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that's at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world applaud.
The public faces were very serious and vigilant.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said,``Professor Robert, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDGlobal.
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city to which you could go in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need aid of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them build and make the rules of the status, so that they could all trust that the status effectively turned out.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, January 19, they voted in Congress to launch their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, supported it.
To include in the constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voting , 11 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 of February, a $30 delegation was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after that four years getting the permissions.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this a practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time it would allow us to operate under an outer legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last point for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and construction of cities who are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know have already solved that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade area, and there are many people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that have to leave their family to get a job, and sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my valuable.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and that is, alive obsessed with the suits.
I love finding, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, brought back, colorful and different for every single occasion.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second piece of thumb markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my rise in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to meet interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buying it into my personal search for treasure.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Will it be my size?
Am I like color?
Do you cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
And back to the theme of my valley, I want to tell you what I was packing for this exciting TED week.
I mean, what does anyone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
clothes in the exact one week is all I put on my valley.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because I'm not known as the woman who walks by TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, was 55, and it's the most expensive I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be wrong, when you're seeing a brilliant red wetland.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is encrypted.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate.
Just yourself.
If you're around the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday: God from the child that you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the difficulties, or I remind them to their little age of seven.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday is the key.
If you think you're looking at something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't do well with something, it probably also is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look at you you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We have to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lentils go to everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal and unique style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up to me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because by the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attributes of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would your brain evolve on this scale?
Some of these would take for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integrating of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great appetite in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other other experimental physicists, we need quite logic to reconcile these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how they react, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the step of the years is the one that one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it can sound rare to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get this notion, they developed it.
I remember observing a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell.
But I bet I play with that bar of parking, taught him a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play the parking bars, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play their particles, they discovered that they do all kinds of things that are really rare -- like you can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very well at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it wasn't going well to my logical part.
Because if it's all made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I didn't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics superpower.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal bits that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then here we do a very big approach to the small amount of metal.
So what we see is a small little bit of metal, and it's kind of transportation, and it spreads on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with the form of swimming pill that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it, it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of rare things, but then when other people come up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The journey partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that it squares and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to hide all the other passengers.
And that was what we did.
We took the lights, then we introduced a vacuum, and we extracted all the air, and then we cooling it to a less than a degree on the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the small piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly still, I was vibrating . And the way I vibration was like a breathing this way -- as a one who expands and contracts.
And by giving a smooth, we were able to make it vibrate and not vibration at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing was vibrating and not vibration at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case: all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are stuck, and at the same time, these atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're delivered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Truth.
He was worth going off in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal of metal is sort of the same as the difference between that little metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece may be in two different places, why don't you also?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was defined in space?
There's another part of history.
And that's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Dimitri.
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss who is here and he allowed me to bring it back.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story explains simply on this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education, I didn't complain, but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've done from their launch.
So, just: Go to Georgetown.
Look around all the museums that there is.
There's the Zuan gallery, the MoMA, the Emily, the Redunt, the Van Gogh.
I actually go into one of my favorites, to Metricocomac, the New York art museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click, and bread!, we're inside the museum.
No matter where Bombay or Miscons, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and you divide.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened the plane up, and, with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forward . Get fun!
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Copends"from Peter Brutus in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the digital technology.
So this picture, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``And what do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can make zoo around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you would really want to go.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I walked into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I came up with a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and actually I discovered that this is a play called [unclear] ], which is to hit one of a pole on the Carter Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even deeper and see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to raise the image, so you really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite,``The smashed night . ''
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and really it does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to cracks.
This is``Star night ,"I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really great part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, -- I created this function that I call``The Power of the Gold ,"-- we just did a zoo around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can manage things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you put these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is,``You did this to replicate the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to engage the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in the formulas of formulas one in the last two decades.
There's a few time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Formula 1, I took a budget and put it up to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called a real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an actor.
The interesting thing is that the actual control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer air.
And as they are, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and actions.
To conclude cities is big.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but represent 50 percent of the world population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all of these detection and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Path Atlantic exhibition for late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Tyler uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's as if almost every existing atoms would become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing the whole interaction that as humans we have with the outer environment.
In some sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo school hit the Moses, it's said, at the end, I took the hammer and brought it to the Moses, and he could still see a little bit left, and he said,``Excuse me? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to speak.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting the idea of capturing the environment and act something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer hopefully in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, and you played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Terrie River.
It's morning, before play.
The timeline is at the top.
At the early end there are people here and there cheating, moving.
Start the game: silence.
Gray from France . Gulf of Italy.
People do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regular time.
First time, second time.
With a moment, the head.
won Italy, yes!
That night everyone was to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they were all the center to the meeting of the winner team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massacra, where, from the Rome era, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the summit at the end of the day.
This is just one example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they set up.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the garbage into their display for the system.
We started with a bunch of volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would take.
Then we put them a little chip, a sticker, to the trash, and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
From Seattle ...
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many ingredients in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at all the days that the cup we draw down, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we throw out one day still there.
That if we show people that, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, August Birch, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarah.
Everything started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and Southern Europe has a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology have, the new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine you have a cup and valves, solenoids of solenoids, languages that open up and close.
It's created as a glass of water, with pixels of water.
If you take the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom up, the curtain will open up so that we could go through, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the mayor Bell Bell.
He liked it a lot.
And I put a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We called it Pole of Digital Water.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors, no windows, but when you approach it, it opens up so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the shocks, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when the roof goes down, somebody who was there, and he said,``Give the building . ''
No, it's not that they've done it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying not to be able to show the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was really even more fun.
All of the children in Parkinson came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to not to move.
( People noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, the water pixels, and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that these pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if you were a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that would be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom up and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida controlled, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light comes up, it looks like this.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boltz, of the best ballet dancers today, the New York star in New York City and the Million School to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input in the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's so much 3D digitize in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible ticket for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment, just like a cloud of clouds like the grain pups, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donating a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time and the Obama campaign, we're showing it, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we spend the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud is pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered pixels.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
So suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they'd like to be in better ways, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who were always trying to be more creative.
What would you most like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creativity) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
Few . Probably it was due to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many would you choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a piece here in the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's gaze on the topic.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, TEDx . Johannes, who came together in the Church Project Russian, wrote a test called``Nothing in biology makes a sense of the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean the others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, the most interested.
We ran from a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 25 species of hominids.
Some of them have gone around.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem to be far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indifferent, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think, when Antonio Damasio, you put it out -- you think of bacteria?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very addicted.
And we're going to give them all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the exit.
But, by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future defend us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or dare to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast iconic symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a small notion of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was in college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty beauty.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most existence of life, in single-celled organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things begin to change.
It enters sex reproduction.
And a very important thing: With the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I spent, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns's feelings, who still act in Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
So, in front of him, you find a little dance of clothes.
He looks at him, and he says,``Come on in search for a sex soup.
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation; adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary standpoint of view, you are like represented representation to send genetic loads to the next level and then let you fall to the sea.
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my job.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or at the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapt to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the terrifying bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, though, they've been able to do that an ad environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And second, as a species, we've tracked our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, circulation, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that an evolution of the traditional, natural type is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution will roll up, but they're unexplored.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we cook distant planets, they will exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
The so-called neuroscientist, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but led and choose for us as individuals in the decisions we take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the appetite?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future, that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and I was 13 years old.
It cost 2.6 million dollars.
The next year of being finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the $20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to have a lot to do so that the human genome is done by $1,000 and being more and more at the fingertips of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us, but they're going to drive immunity against other viruses.
I believe, or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu of it in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today, and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the fresh flight, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, eliminate the memory, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also take apps -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenning especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this up to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to deal with.
And the most profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and boiling the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by clicking, clothing, clothes.
clubs, clothing, clothing, clothing . Sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``There's no problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already lived the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
Often that's not the route.
It took off the engines.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises.
And then he said three words.
The three most distorted words I've ever heard.
He said,``Get ready for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about the flight.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about it later, I came up with a sentence, which is,``College came bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'll open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we took the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also spawned my ego.
And I'm sorry the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured on that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right; choose will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water going.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was sent in a only thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I could see my children grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degree, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, cry, like a small.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
And at that point I understood, when you connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Everywhere, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live otherwise.
You're flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing that I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDMED was one of the most important graffiti of the '80s.
He came home after running and said,``Daddy, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a full paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to pay Tony, TEDMED, and his cause.
So I went up and met his brother and his father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are they going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, don't you see Stephen Hawking's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do they communicate then? ''
Did you see the film``The beetle and the butterfly"?
They communicate that way -- they're going to make them mark.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I was presented with the only wish to deliver a crash, and rather than I signed a crash that had no idea how I was going to cover.
He engaged me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to speak, we're going to build a a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back again again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in your inner can't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Grandma Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, they draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around making art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sex organs, then with the bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and much moving the things from one side to another side we had done a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call him YouTube because I talked to the guy you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the children and I, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and activists took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something totally stupid, and that when we went back to the walls of the walls and in their place, I would have graffiti.
But for two weeks we were programming, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Excerpt . And you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the sea water of Venice Beach, some of the copper wire and Homer Depp things and Radio Dick.
We took a PCS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and there's now a device that is free, and it builds yourself; we published free code the software down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at absolute.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we came back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this business and shortcuts during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of parking the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends, and you would imagine what the feeling was in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to spread in the parking parking, so we feel like we were dealing with graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been underwater and somebody finally came to rescue me and I would get out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In fact, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Magin screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best invention of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what just close the circle is that in April of this year in the McCandley Decommoday in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best experts of the Bangladesh urban art, Shepherd Fried, CDC all of them are going to be there.
TEDMED is going to be in the show which is quite impressive.
So basically this is my idea: If you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microphone, the Britain nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything of this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with a regular recognition technology; I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we have to do . If it's not, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in usually very difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
He filmed in zones of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little bit differently.
So, some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an ad in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my 2011.
What I had was:``A U.S. Nanopatch presented: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and in content I could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when I put it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I hadn't been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I got into horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spain: I want to make a film that deals with production of products, marketing and advertising, and the whole film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest film I ever sold"is that everything from the top at the bottom, at the end, has images of brand, all the time -- from the absurd that appears before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Rushing Studio, State Center ...
These people are going to be associated with the film to percussion.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Krauss: It's reduced ."That's what? (MK: Is it redundancy .) Is it sorry, forever?
I'm a permanent weight . (MK: I just say it ."It was more than emphasis.
It was``A Perfect . ''
But we're not just going to have the program of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it turns the most great shoe you used.
The most great car you've driven in``The largest film ever sold ,"the best tragedy you've been drinking,``The largest film ever sold . ''
Jamie Khrick: The idea is so besides showing the brands as part of life, to make them finance the film? (MS: To make the film fund .) MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the full idea, all the film, of beginning to end.
And I would love to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Boy: However, I don't know how fast people are going to be.
WK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it make to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (CC: All right . John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard for meeting with them, but certainly it's worth convincing a couple of big marks.
WK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we look at a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Roder: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by film or by being me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) impressive.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge) When you look at people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Come off the camera"meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
It turns out the camera means``We don't want to know about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce it the product of so many people as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media, and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new worthy of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a career mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you search for transparency pictures in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen; easily understandable -- that it's characterized by visibility or acquisition of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEO would name it.
But suddenly when it comes to doing it, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency day -- like that weird bear that still remains.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat an entire piece of cool Woman.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said,``No, we want you to have a story.
We want to tell you a story, but you have our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, my father caught me in a lie, and there he was looking at him as I used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But just one company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Krance from many years old, I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the dive and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started looking at, I just started to realize that when you start to convince companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who do big films, huge, giant, other people who make small films, independent, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant, say the reason their films have so much success is to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who do independent films say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films? ''
And the film is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Ben Debate.
At any point for an interview with somebody, I can say,``Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there was one of these fabulous aroma.
Both``Florida"as``Parasities of the paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, blood, in bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a professional view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Simple to the smallest kind of film you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So do things like that, you know, I'll remind people Bay, that's why this is interested in us.
MS: What words would you use to describe B?
bandwidth is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: The top technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talked about something audacious, cool.
I think that``cool"is a big word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool.
How do we keep free longer? With better free, more free, three times more fresh.
Things like those who highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a multiplication company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street, to people like me, to the common Pepsi.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: It's going to revive the 80s, post-controlled, unless it was washed.
MS: Okay, what is the Berlin brand?
Gary: Something unique . (MS: unique . Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour . ''
I like the dark colors, many gray and things like this.
Usually I took accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convergence,``Mercere Benz . ''
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a fluke.
Woman 2: In some hippie, in a YouTube, in a little girl, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
I'm looking at pets for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little section, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because he gives the market.
Man 5: Marco school failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamour, and casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Oshea Zachtle in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neuther, February, Hallowee to discover that personality personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Kibera: You brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people modeling my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who would like to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why is that? ''
What's the doctor? What's the power phase you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What does the red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to have fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Yay! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job) A: Yeah .) ) (MS: Thank you very well .) )) A: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very well . )
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in this.
Lyndon Zachtler: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Space is a conscious mark.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
Many companies have -- and it's the human nature to avoid the things that they're not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other marks are they?
The first here is classic, Apple.
And you can see here to Tahrir, Wii, Mini Coca-terms and Pete.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a conservative brand is quite powerful.
MS: A consumer brand . What's your brand?
If somebody asked you to describe your identity of brand, your mark personality, what would be?
Are you an awful attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative?
The adjacent attributes are how to be playful as the Prince, contemporary, adventure, alter or audacious like Europe Flores, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magical or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than a descending attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 107?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
And on the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies and advances and offspring, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neocortex, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the free air advertising.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, there's no posters, there's no wheel, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are going on the schools with the problems in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer, or that I've been more successful, are those that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took off the inmates, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they go? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is stressed in the Senator Festival, we take a look.
You know, the movie is spread in January, and since then -- and this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie was still not distributed.
It's not online . It's not in Amsterdam.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started winning momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about was their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, they're pushing them to failure.
Now, I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, it's preparing all over your company to lack reward.
I feel that what's going to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that can be frightened.
Ultimately, I'm going to go forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From one listening to time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to fix transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk``Let's open the transparency ,"has been presented by my good friends at edX who by $7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EC: converting big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
So, Emeka presented``Open Transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those $7,000?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I've got a name of the TED matrix of TED, the Saturaton Foundation, a $7,000 check to be applied to my TED.
The idea behind the worm computer Stuxnet is really very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the prevalence plant of the uranium in Haiti.
The gray boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to track this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows install.
The eye goes into the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is Democrats; mission turned.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex at the Windows part of Windows: the installing used multiple vaccines.
It seemed to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment that we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened to this.
So, very strange things happened.
Sputnik was behaved as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: I wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experiencing with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought,``This is a direct attack.
It's completely headed . ''
The installing is looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we downloaded the code of attack, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big.
We also saw that they were deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots to attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Sputnik's installation is complex and high-tech, let me tell you: the load is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks quite the old advanced language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we looked for at the beginning were called the system functions, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at diabetes and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about recipients that we could approve or leverage.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent advantage, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections has been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bashia and the name plant of Nathan.
So I said to my assistant,``Take a list of all experts in terms and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them, and I took them in an effort to put his experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with the control of the rotate.
The red is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this red, you can certainly break it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and download in an obvious effort to become insane to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this rapidly.
We tried to decipher the big digital bird looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 1964 is in that code, you can't be done.
I started researching science literature about how these approaches are built in Haiti and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 160 degrees.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So it wasn't wrong.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard labor.
We usually ended up in streets without exit, and we had to start.
Yet, we found out that both digital risks were going to one and the same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and making the red and redefining them, and the big eye communicate with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the hell is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are hit by Stuxnet.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is international input values, for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, these fake input data are rewarded by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds up video.
Is that great?
The idea here is obviously not just bringing the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam of steam goes out of speed, you have to open up valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And the operations and the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with conferences, with uranium enriched.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that will take this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
The most possible thing.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a massive destruction of destruction.
That's the consequence that we have to deal with.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We have to confront the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the DSM is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langhai: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the DSM is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's one one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and that give you a subjective skills, or one who makes users of wheelchair get up and go back to walk.
In``Berkeley Bionics"called these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something that you put in the morning, gives you a big force, who also increases your speed, and help him, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now on what we're working on now, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back a $45 load, and it's just going to get even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to the helicopter of the HIV.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton, I can put 90 pounds out of variable terrain for many hours.
His flexible design, it allows you to get in the grid to be able to get into them and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Elliott Benzein: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around, in wheelchair, all over the world.
A percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talked about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talked about the population that aging rapidly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELS who's using Amanda Box who 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, I couldn't walk back for 19 years, until now.
Amanda Potter: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
They're completely not invasive in the crutches who send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to engines in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, climbing costs down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and everything from the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, I've allowed me to learn how to slow down on ski, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda, and all users of wheelchair, all.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And not, it's not the Festival Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos in the forests of Congo.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest lives.
That means we all shared a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known by their assault.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimps are dominated by large, scary types, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fog itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also put the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure that.
However, on this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hiding the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes,``Make love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, promiscuous and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Sam Street.
Bones, like humans, love to play throughout their whole life.
playing is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish bonds and promote the tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- interactions of interactions, behavior diversity, connections.
And when you look at Bonobos, you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that binds us together.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a bone style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in a persecution.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``You have it grab it from the balls . ''
Only I think in this case, he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game, like the testicles and also how the game requires trust and promotes the confidence -- and at the same time it's most fun.
But play is performance.
The game is public, it can adopt many forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place that the awe is remembered.
And I want you to look -- this is Flickr, a young female, who is playing with water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capacities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to success to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to harness the most of our game capacity?
Play is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When you look at the least appropriate, you can be the moments that it's most urgent.
That's why we have primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and awe.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm a developer of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fire as a captain in a body of voluntary firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers are coming to a highly skilled person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our job was.
When I found the captain, I was hooked up in a conversation with the property who certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, on a pajamas, he caught, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, let's call them Lewis Luther first to the captain, and he asked him to enter and save the dog's dog.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There I was a lawyer or a member of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell the people who walked into a building in the call to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an admission.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go home.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I was waiting for, but I went out the stairs, at the end of the hallway, went to the real firemen, and that very high, they had finished taking off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the ladder where I met my Numbers and the price dog in the front door.
We took from the house the treasures for the house, where, as it was waiting, his treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of house, and they had to be able to save their house.
The kindness that she watched by the other was that somebody had reached even a couple of shoes.
So much in my vocation in Robin Hood, as in my vocation as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also, of course, and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're by getting, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the chance to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they get to play; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the hedge block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1865 with a very simple idea: computer modules of a fixed measure that fit into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called an automated assembly brick.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO did it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the block of concrete, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would lead us from a world of aesthetic bricks, and one of the others to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create a lot higher and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Aristotle.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Aristotle is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they put together with magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
Green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an integrated light.
We added this buzzer to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Letiles are really powerful.
Instead of having to program, connecting and solar, Aristotle allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make a faster or slower blink, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Aristotle is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world, they will be reduced to use.
lights, sound, solar panels, engines; everything must be accessible.
We've given Letiles to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is, how do you start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Aristotle to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Aristotle as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and focus, we have Georgia creating ...
( metallic sound) ) A few weeks ago, we took Aristotle to the designers of Rhode Island School, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference cannon activated by motion.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh who has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Aristotle became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So Aristotle has open code.
You can see the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So let's go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to tell you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company will be involved with the environment focusing on the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mmm . Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit on.
We can -- we can continue better the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, you know?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they're supposed to stop; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Cocor for America, and they would be like a people' bodies for thermodynamics.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the ammunition.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made big apps; they worked with the municipal employees.
His job is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They meet Al.
This is a historian of Boston City.
Here it appears as if I look at a quote, but what really seeks is that somebody clean up when it's caught by the snow because he knows that it's not very good at putting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get to help in this way so singular?
Last year in Boston, we had a Chicago member team for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik McCarria noticed something more: that citizens were cleaned with sticks in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept it when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case, I put it Al.
If you don't do it, somebody can steal.
You know, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled apps last year.
But it does something that any other government technology does.
And it spreads in viral form.
A response of systems in Honolulu City when you saw this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami sandwiches.
It's very important that these tsunami strips work, but people steal the batteries.
So he asks the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens reflect the designers.
And Chicago just launched it to make people registered to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, so organic and natural.
If you know a little government technology, you know, this doesn't usually happen.
The acquisition of software generally takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we've done it for the normal channels I would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that until the moment has taken 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of chalk to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not as private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, in open and generative ways.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an advanced institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficiency.
And it's not just Cocor for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country who contributed with civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't given to the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost.
And that is that if we put aside the feelings about politics, the film at the PMTCT and all those other things that make us crazy, the government is, essentially, in Tim origami's words:``What we do together, because we can't alone . ''
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to do it, because things are changing.
politics doesn't change; the government yes.
And because the government in the last time of us -- remember that of``We, the village ,"the way we think about it to affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as many people thought that government is to choose people to take loads.
Well, after two years, I've reached the conclusion that the government is, especially, arguments.
This is the center of telephone attention and information.
It's the place that you see calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott led this call.
In the office of``Zarah"in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . He started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the door doors, put music good and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the guards.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called Citizen Connection.
We didn't program that application.
It was the very smart people in the Office of New York Uring Uronication.
And one day, this happened really, come up with this question:``Zarah on my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
The Congress Civil dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Citizen Connection, it's all public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, a neighbor saw it.
The next report said,``I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Chris? Yeah . Yeah? Yeah.
I went home . I went home.
Good night, sweet artist . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology technology.
I'm talking about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
I connected to the two people.
And I could have connected them with government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing as politics.
Many people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry in the government system is voting.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then hopefully the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches.
Underneath it's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot.
But it's that waste that keeps us that that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in fact we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make it sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Apollo movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the second of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to government, it's time we ask ourselves how world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to deal with.
Do you really think we'll get where we have to go without solve the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't pretend government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to reframe the function of government, so that I can expand by strengthening civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act enormously, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years so that I, to Reagan, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who's going to talk; they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the problem of government, you don't really care about making your voices hear.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make better government.
And those apps allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrant, taking off weeds, digging a garbage cube that has a blade inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people.
But these apps are as digital reminder that we are not just consumers, we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voice of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching, and listening to this stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here is impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach it, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1820.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery ate the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was small and looked at it, she came up and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then I was going.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at him, he came up and said,``Brian, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I left me in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the worst of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to take his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and smiled him, but she was very serious.
After 15 hundred minutes, she got up, and I got off the room, he took me out of his hand and said,``Come Brian . We're going to be able to conversation . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now I'm sure you don't do it ."I said,``Of course . ''
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said,``I want you to know that I've been observing you . ''
And I added,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mom . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my boss, and you have to prove that you always care . ''
Like I loved my mom, I said,``Yeah, Mom, I'll do it . ''
And then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you're always going to do the right thing as right as the right thing is . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yeah, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural south . I've got a brother one year bigger and a single year.
When I was 14 15, one day my brother came home with a package of six beers, I don't know where I pulled them out, grabbed us to my sister and me, and we went for the forest.
We just came up with the madness of always.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . All right . You're going on, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come up . Today I do it . And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens to you? Take a beer . ''
He looked at me with force and went on,``Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was wrong.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
And I know this will be spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue; I say it by the power that identity has.
When we create the right guy of identity, we say things to others that really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to engage with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different from what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black, you find so much, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black between 18 and 30 is in prison or in probation.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all of color young people are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
And in this country, we have a court system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth, and what's driving results.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the foundation makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, they're providing you right, forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to vote.
And if we project it up to the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as close as they put the law on the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where he felt 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, without chance to go out.
Right now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by crime.
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
Death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one who's innocent that it's innocent and released from the corridor of death.
A mistake of error, amazing -- an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
And in aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to put airplanes if every nine who would take off, you'd have to be star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African history, I'm talking about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction, and he lasted to the Second World War.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be released.
I worried to be bombarded.
The threat of the terror was what was defined by their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and tell me,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, it makes speeches . Give people who stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They asked me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial diving and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamics that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like talking about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically did.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with the truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conference on death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said,``You know that it's good to listen to what you say . ''
Andy: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said,``There's no way to our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intelligence and deliberately, we would be able to run people . ''
I thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, though, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated with technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalized.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
And lately we talked about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of life in this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the displays, the ones that never get to TED.
To think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our self.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are . Despite being so rational, so committed with the intellectual.
The development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by the convention of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us not just in the brilliant and decentralized, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Vancouver Harvard, the great group leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe, suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will to be in despair and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There's no related disconnect with technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make an identity much more challenging than if we ignore these things.
We'll find them back.
I had the big privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Brian, you come the Parks Park . We're going to go back to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to? ''
I said,``Yeah, ma'am . Yeah.
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I was going and just listened to them.
It was very powerful, very glamorous.
And in one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks went to me and said,``Now, Brian, I'm just that idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started to give you my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We tried to help those who have been convicted.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We're trying to end up with the senses of life, without parole freedom for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end up with mass incarceration . ''
I gave all my best speech, and when I finished he looked at me, and he said,``Hmm Mmm Mmm . ''
And I added,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that point, Mrs. Carter leaned up, put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very but very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally the humanity depends on the compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every single one of us is superior to the worst we've done.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a lie.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not that it's a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very glamorous, very stimulating, we won't be judged by our technology, by our designs, nor for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way to treat the rich, powerful and privileged, but because of the way they treat the poor, the doomed, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I fell tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard.
I go to jail, and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been used to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become someone who is not?
The judge used it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something that you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a ride.
I had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the mucus, with a discovery that said,``Music for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 75 year-old privilege, executive of a corporation . ''
In the mucus, I started that there had been an underlying driver in accusation, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a different line about how in this country there is no ethical, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking about that insects, would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, I hadn't just narrowed it, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months ago, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and very ugly.
I finally went down from the car . He walked the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I found a bigger black man; it was the counter of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you lawyers?"I said yes.
So I got stuck and hug me.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
And he said,``I'm proud of you . ''
Now, I have to tell you now that that was going.
That was deeply connected with my inside, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
By entering, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this bear drive? ''
I said,``Yes I went ."And we started discussing.
People started getting . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The police came up with coastal fiscal, the automatics.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and we're talking about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rabbi of the eye, he reached to see the conversation I was going and came.
I looked through the window, and I would hear all that scream.
I kept walking around here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recipe.
During the rest of the subject, it was shown because the company had entered the room.
The assistant was added on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the target . ''
I've come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
We can't really be human evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity have to get rid of brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all of all, to those of the ones that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a crash . What can we do?
SS: There are several opportunities close.
If you live in California state, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you're going to do an effort to reinvent the funds that are spending today in politics policy.
For example, here in California, there are going to spend a billion dollars on death row, over the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in arrested.
56 percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity for change.
This reform is going to propose that these funds are going to make it bend, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the U.S., over the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
SS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against the property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It looks like our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the guidance that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police broke O.C . spray.
Voice 4: Stream cards . Voice 5: Crust models.
Announcer 6: Social decoration . Voice seven : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Story of tsunami . Number nine: cyberattacks.
A number of molecules: War to the farmer . massive destruction . tornadoes.
recession . Franco . final judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . Death.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could barely be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And we have nothing more to survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient snippet of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It's order and recorded all the information searching for something in the environment that I could get damage.
So of a dozen stories we will be able to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press:``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, is not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, in change, what really happens is that we get distorted.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create an abundance world over the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, endangered species, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we're very good at embracing the problems, and in the long, we end up with them.
We look at the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled, the average per capita income per capita is tripled around the world.
Children mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Moreover, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy, that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we keep getting higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The shipping magnets of the past century of the past century, the employees of the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Knowing a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into the information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a 1970s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how gentle it is -- in good and bad times, in war and in peace, in recession, in depression and in rise.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before the big challenges.
And although he's plotted in a law on the left, it turns up up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, unlike Moore's Law, there are a number of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk called infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nature and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeff of Watson, IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this:``Watson beat human officers . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can affect potentially the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single planet on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that up and make it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon II in 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sist.
The Napoleon troops started with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Siwa, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth the gold and the dish.
So the point of the Mountain to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was discarded.
We projected this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 minutes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but of access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generated : 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have abundance of energy, we have plenty of water.
Let's talk about wars now.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed up the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . What was called?
\" A pale dot blue . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 95 percent of the water on the planet, but there's a hope here.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanoparticles.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the bridges of the bust -- I'd like to share with you, I would like to make it -- his technology called Skype, maybe you know it is the size of a small fridge.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any salt water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the liter.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a full confidence that that will be, Coke will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world for late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of counting a smart mobile with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid, and hundreds of thousands of dollars of GPS dollars, video HIV, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications come out.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce the Coll Foundation called the X Dutch Trial Price , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I, they can be coughing, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win you have to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death burden is 25 percent, and there's 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA who doesn't recognize, I'll call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion in increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just moved the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds have never heard of the global conversation.
What are these people want?
What would you consume? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they'll be healthier thanks to Triall, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D impressions and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide about three billion more members of humanity, health educated and productive?
How about a voices never heard?
What if we give them to the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do remarkable things, things that only could make large corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Flock.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played this college teachers, each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it has been shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the building of the building.
We have the capital of the telephone.
And we have three billion minds of new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the email of the starting point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You may believe that I would chase pieces, but it wasn't.
It actually takes fish.
And I described one of them as``common . ''
It was the mere.
I took it a lot to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is, we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're prostitutes.
The brochures still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also, illustrates another concept: the displacement of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a law in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot of the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The law was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from a few mangoes.
There were lawyers of about 20 inches, the black beard.
And the fishing of this pilot was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had diminished half.
They mature the five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
That's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of artist fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960 European, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that had 100,000 fishermen, implement industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Mush Four.
I walked out of fishing on him, and we did studies in the south of the Middle China Sea, and mostly in the Java of Java.
What we captured was something incredible.
We captured, now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals who are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are fish coral reefs.
In summary, the bottom of the sea came to the cover, and then was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In one year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid fund of coral, in this case, to be a suitcase.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They downloaded them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what fishermen is collecting every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transformed the world, but we didn't remember it.
We took the starting point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something happens.
On the Y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of colors, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . Change because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are taken at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extracellular forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of change.
And at the end, I'm going to keep some remains.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before we get extinct, it's unlikely.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose slightly frequent animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a singing sea of big fish.
They become rare because we fish them.
There are a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect the evidence to have.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, as they captured that, and so I watched a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the scientists in fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in reverse societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous paper that can make a marine protected area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We're going to take a look at the past that people can't conceive because the point of parties has been cut up and it's very low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle West, for example?
I think the arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that nuances and towns are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were moving up with the movie, or talking about the story of Parasitian, why would you move with images?
Because it evolved something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron,``Avatar II"underwater underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin Alice, the YouTube trend, and I look at YouTube videos.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos become viral and what matters has that.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper power in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a saint.
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage gets viral, gets infinite of visitors and making cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, communities of surprise and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vaccetto: Oh, God, God me.
Oh my God!
Wow!
Ooh, wow!
KA: Last year, Beau Valent published this film out of his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This chart shows the reproduction in the popularity rise of the past summer.
Beau can't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Yosemite Mountain Ben.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy King.
Jimmy King published this tweet that would beat the video to popularity.
The trend creators like Jimmy Kidman presented us new and interesting things and multiply them to a broader audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday . Everybody wants it to be the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . You start the Friday . KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday . ''
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency frequency.
Like,``Arcom rainbow ,"this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Toxi and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from mysterious School Theater, was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trend creators embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 prisoners in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike, unlike the 20th century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with that.
\" Hey Cathod's a repetitive animation with an agreed music.
That's what it is.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was remix.
Someone made a version to the ancient.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this would happen to be a stupid joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we're not just enjoying, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Distribution rainbow ,"or Republican Black or``Don't Charle"?
What did you guide could have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video are uploaded by minute, only that unique and unexpected can take off the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great clip of a guy who was protesting against the machines in New York City, I admit that I don't interested in too much.
Casey Andro: So I was driven by the bicycle, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly through the bike.
KA: Thank you the surprise and his humor, Casey Niger made five million saw and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do creatively.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vasade: What does this mean?
Ooh.
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators, creative community of involvement, the whole unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, where we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber, started YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the ones in the middle, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still making.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the job of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose whole life was supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the companies come into Saint, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now burning it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My job was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to grab us, but we knew it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they would keep filling out to the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a controlled marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had destined a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her to do it.
And after a four-year-old rate that challenges the fiction, a boat moved up into the disguised sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a parachute with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take it my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are out of that boat, the constant rate of the engine, and I put it down on every wave, and the horizontal horizon and empty.
I don't remember the pirate prisoners that came several times, but they were hooked up with the brave of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not to get free for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same taste.
After three months in a refugee camp, we're looking at Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in February, a class of class workers whose population is made of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in February, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the French English fragments were involved in the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree at I.T . technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take out, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singers and painful about the``random eyes"and some graffiti:``Asian, come home . ''
A house, where?
Something in me was reduced.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffers nightmares, all of the boat.
And my job was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake it up.
She opens up a computer store, then I studied to be an aesthetic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and inflating, and translated kids between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
centers were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian Asian student, and I was involved with what I was demanding of myself.
In the other, I was erased in precious lives, tragically dominated by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that job, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I chose the young Australian young year.
And I was drawn from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, I read Amazon's anonymous, it was now so Manda Le, refugees and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to go to the routine and the Comfort of life in an ironic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting about the day of each one and staying asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I said to my mom I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got to the boat.
The``not"had been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and you don't know what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and definition to marginalized and defined them.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was involved to speak.
I met people from all the way in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer of lawyer.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a recently arrived, new in the scene -- and not just that it's okay, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a ship of the ship.
Because being inside can easily mean collecting the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort area to know that, yes, the world is broken, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that hadn't been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an operational optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for who the motto``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For one year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soup of soup that we all shared.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the confusion was the social norm and the local squid was the person that mattered.
Life hadn't changed by centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a grant of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
With no support of his husband, he caused a cuts to sue it and bring the cause her cause, and much more back when I won.
He can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to be fired.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Facebook, and we sat around his coffin.
We told him stories and we assure him that we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffins.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
Don't have it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, now we can see that men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily accepted.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that to do?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, diving up in every wave, the infamous constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that you don't guarantee?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it, I would.
Thirty Neiles, and also the mother of East is today here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singing Sufi Ali.
We were convinced how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we set up the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And at that time when Arms, the great Indian warrior warrior, he had silk, he pulled out a bow and with a flower to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me very excited.
I felt a little bit more time.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an dusk if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to do, not killing it.
As a girl my grandfather gave me his silver silver.
And this 50 year-old piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door into a world full of images and pirates and nanomairactors in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
We're going to face our inspiration.
So I launched, I brought me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we took the book.
Where are we.
You bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes more and more glorious.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kodak, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to...I wrote my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
And in many moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl was excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we were overwhelmed.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar was always passionate.
So here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, they illuminate your path in what it's about.
Another idea that fascinated me about girl was that a whole galaxy fits on a pen.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a pen that I dragged towards this magical device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all of the fantasy books, there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, female and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another whole aspect of me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary time.
These are the appropriates here.
We've all heard about the fingernails and the kidneys, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the applications?
These poor jets have been caught in the Indra cameras for millennia, in an old and humid book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, put up their PCs, haven't come out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a girl, I had a lot of collections, rocks, rocks and goats.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital choice of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a rock and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we've been able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and you see, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology, and the technology goes over.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects failed.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to give a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and met: What's going on? ''
\" How can we help it?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects failed, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi scholar . It's very simple.
It's got a spine.
Every morning I go up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which he needs cardiology assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect me to my Wi-Fi scholar, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Life, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be used to move people in their chairs and together develop some remarkable activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week.
This little manuscript connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they're back to regain control and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the costs of medical attention, the duplicate of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by cross-section.
And one of the things we did would want to share it with you with a video.
We all have control control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in Microsoft.
Also, where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where are the DNA closer to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where the CEO is saving lives right now.
What we did was we did transition in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public that,``If you look at a DNA, please look at it, you know where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 ALS already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Leymah, augmented reality, to find these EEG.
And every time you're in the city of Mauritius and somebody collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell to find the Department Depanda, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce you this, not just like DNA Four, which is the name of the product, but also like SOPA.
And we wanted to start to start globally.
We're taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA information around the world.
Every time they're holiday and somebody collapses, it can be a person or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please join us in this and not only improve health, but taking control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it photography?
Because of course, they're photographs you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at age 15.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more than to do in the right place, at the given point.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
photos like this: A building in a very transient road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realism, I say photography.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to be able to capture an idea to capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them look real?
Are the details or the colors?
Did you intervene the light?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way can create something that still looks three-dimensional, as if there was.
But at the same time, we know that there isn't.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process when we combine photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think, are those where we don't even think, the things around us in our everyday lives.
But when we combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something else will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these pictures are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the combined pictures have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images, they got these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
I could think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater was captured in a rock of stone.
And yes, I even did the house of the top of the island so that it would seem more Sweden.
So to achieve a realistic result, I think it makes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram anybody I took from a folder.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the CRISPR microfinance versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as a lot of others we used to see, is a kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
To talk about technology with psychiatric curves is novel.
Here's something strange happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why are we recording technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to make, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like the transportation, in a psychiatric curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would move as fast as the microcredit, tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a committed growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things happened.
Or it will be a typical curve, I know like this until it comes something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this will happen.
So, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I try to ask, and asking me, is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
How new is the world headed?
transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something's happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years ago because it will all be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The scale of time I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about seven billion years when Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that, at that time, had floating an oil droplet with all kinds of chemicals in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside of the outside and the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those olive droplet.
But those boats weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divided a unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
So every slide was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow have been designed to be better at time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more, they engaged more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these goals learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this very meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since seven billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same script of writing.
In fact, every living will be expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have a hundred white dust, I try to hide the airport people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and I took it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for every present, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a flap, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big interesting step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the community of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can swap DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and attacked them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that; and they established a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community, they replicate more and made by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without heart, or muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to deal with information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that produce the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize inside the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals -- the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these processing processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for death death who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures to hugely accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the communication trick.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confusing idea, in your heads that I put a certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated, we converted it into sound, in sound sequence, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we went through periods similar to molecular organisms, and we're looking at our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CDC and so on is the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information.
And that confers us in something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Titan in which I produced some evolution with the Compiler program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years apiece.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred years.
The following, the language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess self-assembly is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of curve.
We see that the process is feedback.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know the mechanisms that I use to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me to design them differently.
I don't know that every transistor on that machine of connections.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of diabetes, we think a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't do before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of instructions in random?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, to execute all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, command numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We take those and remove the rest.
And now we replicate the ones that better ordered the numbers.
And we're going back to play it back to a process for the sex . ''
We take two programs, which will make children, who exchange surgeons, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products of the combination of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please, repeat the process . ''
California again.
A few mutations introduced.
And it tries again, and I'm going to try again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that order absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient than the ones that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, weird programs.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
And in fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Martin Minsky, he pulled a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand all the options that there is.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so I can run these programs much faster.
You know, it feeds.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're getting off.
And we're at an analogous moment to the single-celled organism when they became multicellular.
We're the amoeba, and we can't understand what we're making.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever to come.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before you get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been looking at enough time to allow me to have a piece of my false bias on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series is approaching.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
He's going to go out,``Removing rules"-- he talks about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery.
And we talked about 300, from a bottle that batteries 300.
That means that the banking battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know what they call a 300 bank in the Grand League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what you call a 400 baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody that's 10 hits, four.
Legacy -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Big League of Bibrardo to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we're bringing this to my world in the medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less awkward, after what I'll tell you today.
So suppose you've got addition, and they're dedicated to a surgeon that has a $400 record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place, and a dear will have two orbital arteries, and your family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in aging is 200.
But, you know something?
She's improving this year.
They've been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic, a nurse or a genomic observer?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all of medicine knows the top of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a therapist.
What we do, though, is sent to the world, and it included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
And that never, ever, commit a mistake and prepared to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I had on the medical school.
I was a computer observer.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until for a blood exam.
So that.
I studied in my little mess, in the nurses of the General Hospital, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the digital digital diagnosis and the usual.
And I even knew the digital diagnosis about how to classify the kidney units.
And as much more, more knowledge and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And you get out of medicine school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I knew everything, or most possible, close to everything, because I was immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Dr. Brunswick.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the Lord War into the emergency service where I worked.
At that point, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when they requested a cardiologist, I played that patient.
It's going to inform the head of residents.
When I saw the protocell lady, I was going down.
I heard a relational sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a slipper sound on both sides, which gave me a freezing heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him aspirin and medication to relieve the pressure in his heart.
He gave him diagnostics, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I ate the first mistake; he sent her home.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't take the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and take him to him so I saw her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to bring it up.
Perhaps I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
By sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Brunswick,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
And so he signed the high, and the ambulance along with the fishermen took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home . At that point I did something that I don't usually do.
I moved through the road emergency service.
And there's another nurse, not the one who's cared about Mr. Brunswick before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear it as well, but there's an emerging particular, and that is that we see the patients fleeting.
The three words are: Remember you?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Because she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was good.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour to have reached his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the paradigms brought them down to emergency with a $50 artery pressure, which means a severe shock.
It was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the arteries.
And they put an artificial breathing.
I was mad and rocked to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the establishment was in intensive therapy, and he was waiting for all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let him go . The lady Bruno, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say you never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I got paid for it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never made that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame of which I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very badly.
It's the one that we did not that we did wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I had the things and I made sure they didn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat a mistake so dumb?
Why did I choose medicine?
Shortly that feeling was expanding.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and he asked me if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if you were to reframe the efforts to be perfect to not eat more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And that was.
I went back to work.
But back back.
Two years later, I was in the emergency department in a community hospital north in Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, was a little colored.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him home.
But as he goes up to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient he saw for a pain in the throat?
Because he came back and didn't have a station.
I had a potentially deadly approach called Exposidemic.
You can search for Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but the top air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't.
He was added by antibiotics, and it went back to the few days.
And through the same period of shame and suppression, then I was relieved and back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Twice in the same piece of urgency, not addictive diagnosed.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
You order a range of kidneys, but it turned normal . A colleague who was checking the patient was a certain sensitivity on the lower right, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very hard.
I read liquid to rescue me and I asked my colleague to check it.
I reviewed it, and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right, he called the surgeon.
They were both operated.
But every case was attacked me.
But I'd like to tell you that I committed the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a balance.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just, embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release myself and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that I really tell me what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them so that they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party listening to the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to somebody to talk about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transformation in my hospital had the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of the mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who commit mistakes and the ones who can't sleep and the ones that you have, and the ones who have the optimal results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take the medicine to the people who commit mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical platforms and doctors to learn how possible, from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program:``White Coke, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of the 10 drugs are written in the hospital are wrong, or motivation is not right, in a system where the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, making chaos and death.
In this country , 24 thousand Canadians are killed by available medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's a raw understatement, because we're not designing the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get updated.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, comes crazy with tears and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story has been fired.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always.
And my patients are not cars . They don't do their symptoms as well.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So, if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all of the professional people in error, well, no one will be.
And about people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my show,``White White, black art ,"it's already a custom saying,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everyone, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And I'll steer the microphone
And their students will stop, they would go back, they would go down the head and they would go out and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, they don't eat the same mistake . ''
They need a context where I can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefining doctor is human, it's known, and it accepted it, and they don't get rid of their mistakes, but it was efforts to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings to direct the system, and when this happens, they commit mistakes in when.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I'm so sorry to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we pick up in a week?
I recently did a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average number of choices that say to pick a middle American, are about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that are triggered by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of decisions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How do you measure the way that you make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest issues of current today: choose to the opposition of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem for options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it was often this very, very high level of level, at least at least at least in that time.
It was called Dr. .
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of a shock water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion I asked myself, why didn't I buy anything?
This is the stage of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed boxes that come from millennials.
And I decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy work to offer all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the metadata.
Step.
They had 38 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case people were willing to stop to try to prove the wallet?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent, when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a ticket.
Here we found the opposite effect.
The ones who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy.
The ones who stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent purchased.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy it probably makes us, at least, it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of options of options affect us in good decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this didn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hubble, I'd like Remer Kamen and Wei Jansky, where we looked at the decisions about the retirement of about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available to retirement plans, the 404 program, devastating people to save the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 656 plans that go from two, until 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So, if we look at the extremes, we see that on the plans that they offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And on the plans that they offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation disappeared at the time 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those who decided to participate, the bigger was the number of options, the more people were involved by avoiding actions or investment funds.
In how much more options were, they were more willing to invest in finance financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three major negative consequences to offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you put the decision, that the app even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and in health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're obviously going better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that gigantic variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and sorry, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contract and choose from that incredible exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've been testing, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can be tested in their business.
The first is, Corter.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more.
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
They're concerned about losing space in the basement.
But actually, what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut up, you get rid of strange round options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Heli & Schools to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Corporation Goldman Caterland removes products for cats that are less sold, they increased the uses in 87 percent, for two causes: higher sales and lower cost.
You know, the supermarkets today, on average, offers 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the current world is Alice, and it offers only 1,000 products, a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of finance savings, I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle the choices is David Labs's name, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are attached automatically to a lifetime fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funding, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask employees,``Give me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you can't do your customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience, a few holidays with all paid with the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
( A few applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Don't they be more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I was going to hear more hands.
All right.
And actually, you had more information in the first round, that in the second, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the pictures made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of options.
So people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every option, and that consequences should be very vivid, very concrete.
Why are people spending 15 percent to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit, than when you use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people saving more.
We did a study with Hyun-Sook, and Ashma Prevent, on the middle of functional NGO who worked in R . These people were in a meeting where they were getting off a 404 plan.
And to that meeting, we had exactly been used as used, we did a little addition.
What we added was that we had the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this line there was an increase in the opening 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is Clarition.
We can manage more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine of magazines.
We saw that in supermarkets, it's over the North Stream, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 66.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to define them.
These are two jewelry displays.
One is called``Jack"and the other,``Song . ''
If you think the one on the left is Sydney and the one on the right is Jackie, give a palm.
( A few applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Sydney, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out that it's right.
The one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Sydney, but, you know?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to who choose, not to define them.
And you often look at this problem with those huge fundraising lists.
And supposedly who they're informing?
My fourth category: Conduct complexity.
It turns out that we can manage much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision; it buys it from a car.
This is a German collar manufacturer that allows you to customize it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that every single one.
colors, outer color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change box; four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order where decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes , 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How much involved you are.
If you add the button on every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or whether we're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of options to a few options, they provide the button by defective over and over again, and another more.
We lost them.
If you go from few options to many, continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of changes, I'm not going to say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, in all ways we're prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choices: cut, eliminate strange alternatives; concrete, making it real; classify, we can handle more categories with fewer options; to drive complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who serve.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful when you choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter writing, I should register it to government.
I had to register a piece of text for example written with the machine.
And this is so that government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could trace the footprints to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that somebody could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots in every page that you have a pattern that makes them self-interest.
That's going on today.
And nobody seems to get a lot of this.
This is an example of ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can aggregate the attacks on their attacker.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golby from the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The cellphone of cyber is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, lots of people.
There are really many cases of millions online, crowd, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valenti Tasmanian, from Istanbul, Estonia.
This is Alfred George.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bert Suns.
These are Matthew Anderson, Taylor Alexander, etc, etc, etc.
These guys are making their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal means through banking troops to steal money from our account when we bought online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freezes the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jaha, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
The Mr. Jain running up; he knows his stop.
And I say today more likely than any of us is a victim of a cyber cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we look at today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate them.
Groups like Anonymous have downloaded over the last 12 months occupying a depressed paper in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacker: criminals who do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states, the governments who attacked.
And then we see cases like Pines.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
digitize is a rating authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
I'll decide the last fall because of a sabbatical.
They signed the safety of the site, and they celebrated a cyber.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Dignity.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die because of an attack of these?
digitize is a critical authority.
They sell certified.
Why do we serve the certificate?
Well, you need if you have a website with apps, secretistic services Silicon, services like Gmail.
Except, they're interacting a foreign certified authority.
And they're going to be certified.
And in the case of Princeton happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011 and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this folder called FBI.
And within that folder, there were notes of a sense company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tool to engage large-scale communications.
They had sold this tool for 280 euros to the Egyptian government.
The point of the company is right here.
Now, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it was found by the Space probe -- a troops used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is involved.
They're going to use tools like the Spain trojans to infect our computer with a troops to allow them to see all the communication, and listen online, to get our data.
When we think carefully in things like these, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why would you worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we risk today, will be forever.
Do we rely blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
Here's where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi.
Nairobi's National Park is not close to the most part of the south, which means wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They killed our livestock.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we stood up in the morning and found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up dealing with lions.
They're warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there are so few at Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from the age of six at nine, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that lions were scared.
But I realized that this didn't really serve, because I even helped lions see the state of far.
I didn't quit . I continued.
A second idea was to use a species.
I was trying to deceive lions to believe that he was near the stage.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the spot, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the stage with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that I'll get to do with the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
And I admire everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little box.
And the indicative box makes light lights.
As you can see, the bulbs get out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how lions see it when they come from night.
The lights describe and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking around the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena, leopard, and also being used to spread elephants of farms.
And because of this invention, I had a fortune to get a scholarship in one of Kenya's best schools, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a kid in the meadow of the savanna by planting my father's cows, and I used to see planes flying, and I told me that someday I would be inside one.
And today I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ahh wave . What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting a story is like.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turner: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RSW: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA: A fence of electricity?
RL: I know you invented the electrical fences, but I want to do the mine.
CA: You've tried it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I just got a squid . CA: On top of the cannon . Richard Turing, you're big.
We're going to animate in every step that you, my friend.
Thank you very much . LT: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``No envy . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Iran's story, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're recycled together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a while, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase my memory.
An lifeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child scanned in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine corresponds to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating cake, insects and cortex.
They were also done more and more frequently the energy cuts, all around me was completely in the dark except by the lights of the sea in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and us not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea in the night compared with neighboring countries.
This is the Arms River, who serves limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very distress at certain points, allowing Koreans to grow secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea came out of North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be like a Norwegian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmares became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Someone had accused me about being normal, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it didn't look natural, it could be locked and deported.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an official said to another,``This was a fake report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deported.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans were not lucky.
Every year, increasing Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they're tortured, locked or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can be taken in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start to learn my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We're all Koreans, but in the inside, we've become very different from 67 years of division.
They even go through an identity crisis.
Am I a surprise or a Norwegian?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me with pride.
Although embracing life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan . I started studying for the University's exam.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received a call alarming.
The North Korean authorities did some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a distant location on the outskirts.
They had to raise immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the path towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I love the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through the southwest of Asia.
The bus in bus took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and tied by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked everyone's identification and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came to my family, I moved myself on my family, and I told him that they were dead people who was picking up.
I looked suspicious, but fortunately I thought.
We did all the path to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and harnessed by crossing the illegally border.
After paying tears and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and harnessed again in the Ross capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was reduced in a short distance of the South Korean Embassy.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man asking,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and certainly, the man was to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the Norwegian town . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The mayor unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the reasons of hope that Norwegian peoples need.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I lived in Southern Central.
This is Central Center: light stores, fast food, balls.
So the planners of the city came together and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if it would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles . You've got license stores, fast food, balls.
Like 25 million other Americans, alive in a food desert, Los Angeles Centre, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The kicker is that the places of food to lead more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Centre.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, let's say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happened.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of home see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see hundreds of dialysis centers like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And also, I've been tired of driving 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, was I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we called a garden.
It's 45 feet three.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes in wins, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and me, L.A. Green Groups, we put together and start to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
So what we do, we are a kind of paid group by advanced of all the procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came on top of me, and in summary gave me a quote saying that I had to retire my garden, the physics was made.
And I said,``Go, right?
A Jewish order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody matters?"So, I was like,``Well, let's take it out . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Locke, and I talked to the competition and one of Mr. Green members, who put a petition in Change.org, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My competition was even called to say they were responding and loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balls.
It's 38 miles of sealed terrain.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why doesn't you find this out?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seed.
When a dollar of helicopters will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, grow your own food.
To grow your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which shows walls, I would get soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my job of that canvas.
They'd be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflowers and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do, especially in an urban.
Furthermore, they get French.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s at night and they were in my garden, salt and looked very tight.
I, well, man, I sat wrong to be there, and I told them, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``Well, don't you fear that people will steal your food? ''
So what I say,``For God no, I don't have a fear that they're going to steal it . ''
So that's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to reflect your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden on a defined shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, and they helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, and I was struck by his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed it, that was just for a moment.
So Gordon Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, as about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary planning.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if you don't teach them, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, they eat blind people who put them in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in . I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, that doesn't bring them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
There's perhaps the next George Washington Caribut.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and make them healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The kicker of sustainability is that you have to make it out.
What I'm talking about is putting people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to cultivate their own food, opening markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological, germ, fatty gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a germ.
If you're not a garden, you're not a germ.
The germs take their bill right?
That's your gun of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we could plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Market sound) (microwave noises) )) ) Probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it comes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you do.
And especially if you go in your bicycle, and these cars go on, that's not very pleasant.
Moreover, asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we built roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we wanted a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can go through it, so all the rainwater flows down to sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't blow water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disabilities, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is going on? Look at this road, the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then a lot more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that . But they can give you their windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh . It's ready.
Bach, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can see the damage in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adherence between the stones.
Because of the environment, to the ultraviolet light, to the opposition, this adherence, this bunker, the glue between the rivers, will rise, and if you pick up, you're going to be made microscopes and will separate from the addition.
So, if you drive the road, you'll get the added -- like we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we thought about alternative materials.
If we can make this material go out, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can use steel, of that to clean apart, and we can cut the steel off into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have an asphalt with little pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
The infection can heat, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heating the steel, melt the button, the button will flow down these microscopes and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big computer machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried many samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated us a piece of road , 400 feet from the AIDS highway, where we had to do a trial lane to prove this material.
So that was what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them later with our computer machine and repair them and we brought them back.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of information to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface . It's actually saving a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this works also.
We still have the sample here . It's quite hot.
In fact, you have to confront first before I can show you how they act.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the judge in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I yelled my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal girls were to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to choose my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the stock of the market so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban was suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will take two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating his children.
For the Taliban years, I remember there was moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, my father, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, do you want not to continue? ''
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bacterial, and if my family hadn't been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I'm here proud to graduate at Mediatch College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was taken out of his home to educate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not just taking off my university title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who led it by driving down the streets of Kabul.
My family believes on me.
I dream of big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 2015, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first one, maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, lawyers for them, despite and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . Not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were standing from SOPA to his village, and literally, they had been killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
By getting home, they're the phone, a voice warned him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they'll be able to try.
\" Look, if you want ,"he said,``But I'm not going to harm the future of my daughter by his old and rejected ideas . ''
What I've realized is Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we succeed, there's a father that recognized the value of his daughter, and it sees that the success of her success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often they're the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school are hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and his parents who are advocating for them, that animals, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the SOPA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, I resist Gaddafi . struggles against him.
But you never get a Gapable revolution . ''
They've spent almost two years since the civil revolution inspired by the surge of mass mobilization as much as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other light citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of salt and start a revolution against the Guardian regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and young liberal men were in the forefront, leaving the fall of the regime, bringing freedom from freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to make the brutal dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy heavy, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seed seeds.
For four decades, the HyperCard record of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of liberal society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved, along to many other women, rebuild the civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tribera.
After a 33 years of exile, I came back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Libya for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and our right involvement in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the prehistoric period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which moved from the selfish and exclusion policy.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won $3.7 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, shortly, the power of elections and revolution as one, they were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
So one day we wake up with the news of the old mosques, and the Sufi strands.
Another day I had the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the consultation to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the office of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued human rights violations of the prisoners and their lack of respect from the law.
Our society, for a revolutionary mindset, is polarized more, and it has gone away from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge became the icons of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the success of the``chronic list"and elections.
Rather I'm here today to confess that we, as nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The crime list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish pollution and exclusion, both by men as by women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and creating more than the choice needed, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical representation of it.
We need to stop acting like outrage agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but also put the mercy in practice instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an tar that deals with desertification and disruption between female perspectives and male.
That's the real crash.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a glimpse of the Koran``Salaam"-- peace --``is the word of Miss merciful,``ratio, compassionate . ''
At the time, the word``Tahrir ,"which is known in all of the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``rap"-- the uterus -- symbolic and material, which embraces all the humanity that men and women, that all the tribes and all the peoples and all the peoples have been pregnant.
And so just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion number all existence.
That's how you say,``My mercy embraces all things . ''
That's how you say,``My mercy prevents on my anger . ''
And that's what we were talking about.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an awkward question, which has an equally unsettling response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody's doing: Why does she stay?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who pays him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, and expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
He was 22 years old . I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Sense magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green advancement American exposure, and I had a very large secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, ran me up to the head with a gun, loaded with balls of wood.
The man, that I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threats to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, disguised love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't see a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm license in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing of the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burner and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black book, and I drive a Ministry Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all levels of container and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a woman's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the battered are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent, long duration, or, in the families, the last place where we would want or hope to find violence, which is why, domestic abuse turns out so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who pays him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women of between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples, boyfriend and abusive democracies in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo on a cold and rain night.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to flourish me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had a undergraduate from a university of the Iran Lear, and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a child of the field.
I had a lot of big arrows like apples, and a back blood hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it above the beginning putting on a pedestal.
We started getting out, and I loved everything of me: that he was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who had passion to help adolescents, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had done it.
And that was why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence is to seduce and made the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and quit the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, who was entering a head on a physical trap, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react.
And here's where you go into the stage.
As we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congo was supposed to be so safe to be bought.
One was on the glove of the car.
Another one kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that I lived.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns were actually a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was actually in a very dangerous, every minute.
The first physical attack of Honor happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happy forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very regret.
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me damage.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I picked up several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was abused by the traffic, and I would take a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo continued to get one or twice a week over the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought I was the only in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Control of Disease, that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, in love with a profoundly controlled man, and was the only person in the world who could help Congo confronted his demons.
The other question that everybody is doing is: Why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I go? I could go anywhere.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a calculator.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has been able to end the relationship, after getting off, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the abuse was going to marry, density of financial resources, and manipulation of the female judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, who usually are overwhelmed by judges to spend time not with the man who he pasted their mother.
And we still keep asking why doesn't it just go?
I was able to go, because I was able to go, because I was able to go, because I was able to go, because I was able to go, because I was able to go, because I was able to go, because I was able to go, I was able to go.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours for staying ,"as if the victims we choose internationally will be in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also fired, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them, and they rejected their lives and mothers, full lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry a young and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black book, and also that minimum.
What I'm going to don't have to have again, ever again, is a strange gun pointing my head in somebody who says he wants me.
At this point, you're thinking,``Hi, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what stupid was!"or all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, that they're listening to right now, who are being battered, or that they were small or that they are abuse.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
abuse is just about silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply by throwing light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They took the milk to the light talking about it with his children, their friends and friends.
They report their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow down their scale and show the victims a secure output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful waves that should be.
Thank you.
Hello . I call myself Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way . luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it appeared, they don't have to leave it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also superficial.
I've changed totally what you thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a real life in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I was going to draw the back, and I would raise the hair of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we could do to transform our aspect, which, although superficial and unchanging, has a big impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing, but in a sense.
The first question is, how does it be model?
And I always say,``A cathedral discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this inheritance is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we also associate it to a high and affordable shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage I've been able to tap to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now show up skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say -- wait . There are Naomi, Titan, Joan Simps, Liu Wess.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told all of the models in the runway, and of the 27,000 hired models, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is: Could I be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But later, what really would tell you to every one of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nervous, nice, power court, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this particular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of reduction of the Arab American magazine or``H & M"or the next Steven Medite.
To say, most of you want to be a model like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiology surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you've got a rsum and a few jobs to your back, no longer matter what you say, that you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``You want to be president of the United States for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is, if all the pictures are thrown out.
And yes, they're practically back all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
So I light my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pigeon party a few days before the photos for the French Go.
Here I am with my football team and I was on the V magazine.
And this is me in the present.
And I hope you realize that I'm not myself in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, fights, machinery, photographers and stats, and all their ads and people and proposition, and they managed to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many closes of 20 inches, and I never use, except the couple before, but the privilege that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and gave me the free dress.
When I was teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a little driver; it was jumped in red, and of course, they stood up, and I'm going to have a sorry, agent to keep driving.
I enjoyed these privilege for my aspect, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, from 140 teenagers that I stood at and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, is not a question of me?
And when?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 93 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like his body, and that number is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people do is is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the most bright hair, you will feel very happy and wonderful.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say before cameras, what I've never said before them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and your hair brighter, will be happier?
You just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most bright hair and the most brilliant clothing to the fashion, but probably be the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to remove from this talk, I hope you're all feeling more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who I pulled them out.
There were no artistic directors, no stations, no chance to replicate the pictures, not even a minimum care in illumination.
And in fact, most of them were taking random tourists.
My story starts when, finding myself in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we came back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same photo.
Well, you can imagine what's coming now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching, my wife told me,``Why don't you take you to Kepler to New York on a drug trip and continue the ritual?
Here's when we started asking tourists that were going to take us out.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever heard of the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much life would change.
It became a sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a specific moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in an October week, and we would reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only physical level, but in all the senses.
Because although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up with new milestone, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking around, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed a red touch from the shop store that I had a little red in previous visitors.
And I was describing what had felt at age five of foot in that same place.
I started that he was reminded that I remembered his heart for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we created are the memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the photo, and you don't want to go to somebody and ask you, is that a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Business is located in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter as characters, silly, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, you've been following laughter and claims, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of the parliament don't keep clean the environment . They don't help to prevent the spread of diseases.
They're hardly moving . They're far away from getting extinct . And, my favorite, the divers have better presence . There are two types of dives on this planet.
There are the New World laureates that are mostly located in the Americas, like the computers and the cards, and the Man World's busting, where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 is a high risk of extinction.
So, why are you important? First, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural trash collectors.
They wipe the walls into the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria, and they help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bus, the carcasses take three to four times more time to break down, and this has huge branching in the spread of diseases.
Bats also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
Kepler was the symbol of the protector and the maternity, and along with the copper, they simulated the unit between the Alto and the Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Gail was the god burning, and he risked his life to save the single single silver of the 10 Habian head.
In the Tibetan culture, you get a few very important powers to open sky, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these Bonobos provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the bus?
We have eight species of bus in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there's conflict between humans and wildlife . The Catholic communities use this poison against predators, and as a result, the buildings are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickirpt.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there's no bus, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the roads of roads, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge range of time for rage . The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 335 airplanes are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
These are birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trading trade to serve the building and the fictional market.
So what's being done? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bus, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very incomprehensible creatures, donate their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll report them on the bus, but they talk to their families, with your children, with their neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed because he saw them fly without effort, without spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been driven for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, you're young, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory d'Ivoire, Algeria and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, all we played is we rented it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Gaba waves ,"was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Zambia River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes, and ...
And of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't act . We were amazed that local, in so fragile, they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it could be that they don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God that we're here ."`` Just in time to save the people's Zambia of famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa grew up beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato grew up this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the organisms,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, at night to the morning , 200 helicopters came out from the river and ate everything . And we said to the slaves,``Oh my God, the mortgages! ''
And the organisms said,``Yeah, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought we only did the Italians we ate mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the English was doing, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the mortgages.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave them for people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Death . ''
The book was published in 2009.
We, of course, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Long from an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colonialism missions, and we treat people only in two ways: or patterns, or we're patriarchia.
The two words come from the Latin River, which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patriciance, I treat anyone of a different culture like my kids .``I want a lot . ''
sponsors, I treat all of the culture of a different culture as if they were my survivors.
So white people in Africa are called``Banglade", boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Shahrors, who said to all about economic development, if people don't want to be helped, takes alone.
This should be the first principle of help.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the lady who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can we -- can you imagine a a city that's not nervous? ''
I decided at the age of 27 only responding to people, and I invented a system called Failure Fifty, where you have never started, you've never started to motivate anyone, but it's going to become a survivor of local passion, the severity of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's shut.
It's never coming to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why don't we, once rather than reach a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never stand, and they'll never tell them, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know it, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family's family doctor, the business family of the business, which sits up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps him find the resources to transform your passion in a way to earn life.
I started this as a test in waiting, Western Australia City.
I was making a Ph.D. at that time, trying to move away from this conference that we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can I do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very hard.
And so, the government says,``Tell me again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Buchwald, one of the most great corporate advisers in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Buchwald was philosophy professor before I involved in business, and this is what Peter Buchwald says:``planning is really incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you're working Chris without knowing what the most astute people in Churchill want to do with their own money and your own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400 thousand people, intelligence and passion?
Now, what do you have.
Passionate local people . That's what you've applaud.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial fossil revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
It's a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution? Universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
They're going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I read a many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1930s.
And in 1960, this group of people came together, and they talked about what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was together: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to bring into the population of New York to the around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses, it would be impossible to tackle.
They were already expanding in manure . So, in 1968, they were dividing this dirty technology that would make the life of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up with 100 auto manufacturing companies , 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scarcity, factories in places.
Defense, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conflict.
Otherwise, they're not going to come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, unfortunately, you will have to tell you the truth about entrepreneurship.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things magnificent: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to have a fantastic marketing, and you have to have a wonderful financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and search for money alone.
There is no.
This has not been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 pages of the Carnegie world, West, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars alongside their comrades who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who speaks about this epidemic, somebody who's going to ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
They can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we didn't make a lot of knowledge even though we share the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we go and ask more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape?
How do we share our hopes in the empty shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadows to lovers and sketches and soldiers for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of United States.
I live close to this house, and I thought about how I could turn it into a larger space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for life.
It gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I managed to keep this look at my everyday life.
It looks like it's easy to let me take a day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old, new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant blackboard and painted about it phrases to complete:``Before I die, I want...''
So, the foundations could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit down on the line of date . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This space abandoned was constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laughing, they showed me, and they gave me a tough moment.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scalable ways . It's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit and now have died in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relations with other people.
In our age of increasing distraction, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid, or even thinking, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only help to improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please, don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
She's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but it turns joy better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
It's incredibly shared by what happened.
It's not advanced . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make a word of the ones that I couldn't even do, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very cool.
It has the most puzzle memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but remember the year I came out every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four, I hit my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Leathers Gaga birthday.
Don't it seem incredible?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adapt to the concept of normal society, they're often ignored and incomprehensible.
But what you drive to my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them inside the ordinary, that only could mean one thing: that were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
And in every individual, it becomes different, from there that Rome is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the development disorders that faster increases in the world, there is no cause of knowledge.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
I yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
I went alive and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in rows around the room, look at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond borders, frustration and incredible hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
The normal spends the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that somebody's wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey it one single thing to Rem and Sam and you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Each one of us has a gift on its inner, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what's supposed to be Alice in the wonders of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a a communication to engineering students.
I was scared . I was scared of this students with his big minds, his big books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when he fell the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just sat up when I had those conversations with students, and they surprised me the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our bigger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't understand this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please hang up with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer: and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Not just tell us that they study the jobs, but studying the jobs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``spatial and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as you do it stupid.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is just as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways to deceive and encourage their content.
And by presenting his job, forget about the``bullet . ''
They've been wondering why are they called``bullet"? What do the bullets do? The bullet kills, and they will kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
So instead, this film of example from Geoffrey Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of jobs is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate sentence that the public can understand if you lose a bit, and then to provide graphics to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some keys that can help the others open the door and look at the country of the wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, by all media, you get them simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Discovery of English Oxford is``paroxetine . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``paroxetine"means``dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a theoretical editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said,``A protection ,"it's what you're looking for a public burden, no matter, platform or principle, and that, when wins, you get it for the mere use of a Redwood memories.
I have no idea what it means``restoring . ''
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1973 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the paralyzed camera.
And all of this was thanks to the valley of a guy with the name of Boston Cross, who was confronted to the parliament.
They took him in the London Tower, and they signed him, but he had the enough courage to deal with them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London I won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase,``strong like the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of a freedom of speech.
But to show you how words and politics interact, I want them back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that they could have frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it``Jeffer of State ,"and others,``Your George George Washington ,"and other,``Your Aller George of America in America . Washington . ''
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was probably quality.
And I didn't even do it, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a determined term.
And I could have served.
Everyone was tired immediately, because this debate was produced for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator, and he always writes,``I still have this topic . ''
What caused the portrait and the until was that the representatives chamber was against the Senate.
The representatives chamber didn't want Washington to be empowered.
They didn't want to call him King for if he was giving him to him or his successor.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more incentive and more inclusive degree that they came up with.
And that title was``president . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it just meant,``Someone who provides a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gratification than the term``foreman"or``supervisor . ''
There were events of small colonial tools and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate ran.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and reunited with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will be serious with a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as the U.S. president? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never reflected the title of president.
President Barack Obama has lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary, it's possible that we keep waiting 2,300 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president of America doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have over 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history has led to the title of gravity.
So at the end won the Senate.
They got his title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, was a singularity at the time.
But, you know how many nations have now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy that 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the representatives of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the U.S. president.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I'd like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is really moving the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is charged and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that catch of bone cough and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I put a synthetic light of light up to the head with this pink stranger, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the land.
And I was rescued by my hand, and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell up in that manhole.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risk their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I walked out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
Over the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Company.
Among all the incredible people that I met there I met an integrated of French the Salaries, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and, really, I started to learn about slavery because I knew there was in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was really ashamed to ignore this atrocities of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
And I was made a little bit of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the stream of French the Salaries, and offer it my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I'll sell the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people involved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of post-conflict slave.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent to about 50 dollars today.
However, today you can apply the whole families by generations for average debt from $18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than $13 billion a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false education and better work to then discover that they're obliged to work without paying, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but they produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists in most of the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the furnaces of bricks.
This strange and formidable spectacle was like entering the ancient Egypt or Dan's hell.
You know, you start in a 40-year-old temperature, men, women, children, in fact, whole families wrapped in a head of dust planted mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the ardent furnaces to trucks that are to hundreds of meters.
Defined by monkey and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe dragonfly was making that pee was pretty keen.
So, so many penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the abanonomy I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, you don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotion is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on French the Salaries and work inside the system for his release and trust it to get it.
As soon as me, I hope to get home to feel my broken heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
These big plantations were more heavy than the children who charge them and the children are holding them to their heads with homemade straps, ropes and rags.
It's hard to preserve something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying, because this has been so much their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were recycled their freedom, the slaves burned their homes.
When we hear the word slavery, we often thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was admitted to be hard for me to work with safety in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was working with women who had been predominantly slave.
And I was driven by some stairs that were given to this dirty pole, of dim light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restaurant, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private, where the works with their girls and children, some of them just seven years are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each one is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sex abuse to their clients.
On the lobby, I remember a sense of an ardent added fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a leap: the stairs where I entered.
There were no backdoors.
There was no big enough to climb.
These people don't have a beetle, and because we play a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery, even sex traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people involved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that often we relate to the workforce.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families involved in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait.
The things of black are the father, the blue trees and red, of their children.
They mix belts in these big barrels and dive the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the gloves is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, I can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our work really pays us . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Volcan lake, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, doesn't it?
mistake . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work extensively in these boats in the lake, despite not to swim.
This child is eight.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; it's subject that his little canoe was embedded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of the trees plunged on the Golden lake often trap networks and children, fatigue and fear, get thrown off the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee, and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it certainly treat the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
In the cold, cold night.
And you can point out that these networks weighed over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which I'm going to get the Salaries to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because anyone decided to make the difference in your life?
By driving by a road in Ghana with partners of French, a living company with his engine of suddenly accelerate and overcome our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it by a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the path, we got out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this summer barely, and he said,``This is the path, this is the path . Go . ''
As we started going down, we took the doors that blocked the path and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the team of pictures on my head as we downloaded in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of hike, the thin path ended up obviously in a clear, and we had a hole of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of working workers.
Many women had kids tied up to their back and, as they looked for gold, they walked in water poisoned.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole elsewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have 90 feet, and these people carry heavy heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where they're going to kill the stone to extract the gold.
By the first view, the site seems to be full strong and vague men, but, if we look closer, at the margin we see some other fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and of mercury in a few years.
This is Man . When his father died his uncle, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Man inherited the debt of uncle, which force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Mans has tuberculosis, and, you know, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dreams of being released and educated with local activists like French the Salaries, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a very respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to take testimony of them and we'll do everything possible to help change your lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These pictures are not magazines . They're people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There's no day that I'm not thinking about these beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope these images get a force in those who look at them, in people like you, and I hope that force has a fire, and that fire gives light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make a math app, and there's a peculiar problem for who it does: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
It hurts us the viruses of the ballet and the clubs that we'll see later.
But the ballet is an extraordinary degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease destroy gradually this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Starlist, who, in his time, was a virtuous dance of ballet.
In the last few years, a lot of the treatment has been progress.
However, there are 3.3 million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable, territable, rigorous weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress, and ultimately the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and closing metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best that we have is a neuroscientific exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a critical journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need a staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to give you like you don't conventional to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Starlist.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you're talking about sounds when you speak . We can imagine as a dance of a vocal ballet, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes necessary . The photographer, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about the time that he takes a child to learn to speak.
From the sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and just like Parkinson affects extremism, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom trap you can see an example of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Volcanic, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and betting after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these tests compared in the voice with the specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both accurate . Right, but also the evidence-based tests are not specialized.
That is, you can be self-organized.
They're done very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something comes up with a cost so low, it looks at mass scale.
These are some incredible lists to tackle.
We can reduce the logistics of patients.
It wouldn't make to go to the clinic for routine blindness.
With a high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive recruitment of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, criminals in general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of disease before it's too late.
So when you give the first steps today in that sense, we're launching the Portugal Initiative of Parkinson.
Together to Acumen and Petestaining, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who's not?
What would you take out of these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah . So what happens is that during the call you have to tell whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
BL: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances that is important because we're looking to light the confusion factors in search for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MK: So much more than that.
In fact, my student Ashanis, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which has the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
BL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
BL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We're pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make models thin even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible thing, possible and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste by images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans Volts, he was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13th of May traveled to Oklahoma.
It's a little fish town located in the precursor of India of almost 50,000 people, one of the first peoples affected by wave.
The water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inland.
As you can imagine, the town was devastating.
We take rubble of channels and oranges.
We cleaned up schools . We took the mud and leave the lists ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, appropriate, power of local factory.
We went up and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and Sevity cards.
They all did the same thing.
You'll pick them up and bring them to different places of people around to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal loss that those people had suffered.
While they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village of the village.
It helped clean the common bathrooms, the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rating center collects the pictures.
And they took them up, and I had the honor that that day trust me to wipe the pictures.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I was going to go through my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years in the lab, and I couldn't help to think about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night walked into Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try it.
So we started taking the pictures.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too excited, but where the water had documented the child's face, I had to get a lot of precision and delicate.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the strange photo.
With the step of the time, they came out of luck more pictures, and they needed more delays, and that is that I entered Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
At the time of two weeks had 150 people to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Remoro, a neighboring town north of terrorism.
Once the week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to recycle their pictures.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it relies of course of the photograph of photos.
It could replicate an hour . It could replicate weeks.
It could replicate months.
This landscape had to draw practically by using the areas that color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a long time.
Water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, covered of bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of them with the step of the time continue to destroy them, and so cleaning it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless I was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleanliness.
We count the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to dance even more pictures already.
As Wilson once said, my group's leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't eat mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to photos.
She had started to wipe it up, but he stopped when they realized that the dials even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could solve the imagery in one photo and take the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a farmers quite far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the continued to close the walls to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the siren sounded.
His small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
I took a week to find all his family and know that they've all survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could look back at, something that he could remember from the past that I wouldn't have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers, they had joined there, and there were hundreds of them helped us clean over 135 thousand photographs, the vast majority of -- -- the vast majority of them came back to their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return back to 90 hundred families of totally restricted and stolen pictures.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 2,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of us in ink.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved.
They're guard of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
And about this, I was treating the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody their connection with the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the lives of the portraits.
A few of them connected them with something bigger, to return something, using their talent for something that are not thin skin models.
To finish I'd like to read this email . I sent it Cinctic the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was collecting, I couldn't help to think about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter was born, blame of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edia inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that would bring an apple in an exhibition of just a thousandth of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I presented a new kind of photograph: photography -- a new technique so fast that can create videos in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I'll put it up and go up in a trillion of a second or so, in many ways to create a piece of pictures of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a nanotube is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research . There's a lot of things in this film, to develop this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, enters the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and, inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, waves travel down the table, and because the reflections of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflections are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it back the same distance, and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that movie?
A day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that come out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, one of the families at a time, but of course our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll realize that, as light is coming out of the tomato, it's still brilliant.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces in its inside and comes back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in their mobile, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why did we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure photo, it enters very little light.
But we'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you just go into some light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astute synchrony, we took those gigabytes of data and we managed them collectively to create those veterans that I showed you.
We can take all those raw data and process them differently.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future surface was allowed to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Retreating, entering the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not fiction fiction . We've built it.
On the left, there's our membrane.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll rotate the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in nature Communications.
And a small fraction of pictures will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our membrane, it has unique capacities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a photo, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really have any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going on around the curve.
Or we could search survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build the sparks able to see the inside of the body holding computers, and the same for computers.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a one asking scientists to start thinking about photography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation.
Just like Doc Edinea, he himself was a scientist, converted science into art, an art of stressed photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to do that.
create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion.
But here is something fun.
If we look at the waves underneath the lid, these are away from us.
waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order that the events happen in the world sometimes comes up in the camera.
By applying the concerned deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile, you can photograph a crime against humankind in Syria.
With a mobile, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile, you can recording a song, upload it to South Sudan and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile.
I'm a chip of 1984 and alive in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people together that we protest in search for a change, they had a mobile in the pocket.
Who of them have a mobile here?
Give them up.
Raise your mobile, let them go!
Look at them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile.
But today talking about me, my mobile, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 830 lines of information.
Data in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U Commission was presented.
The Data Renaissance Director.
This director says that every European phone company, every single project of the Internet of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information of users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored at least six months, and even two years old, in his phone company or his Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the self-determination in the digital era, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all of this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also asked myself if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, detailed Telescore, who was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to ask him, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all white, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start to start a court lawsuit because I wanted to have this information.
But detailed Tyler said no, we won't give you this information.
We finally signed an agreement.
I would take the demand, and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitution German failed the incusion for the German Law Director Act.
So I received this ugly about brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand pounds of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data regret means.
So, next to Zecor Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from Flickr in train to Colombia, and how often I call the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this big network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate with each other what time they call each other, what hour sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile in the pocket.
And the State had known who participated in this protest, and, if the State had known who was the leaders, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in fact, it's not the fall of the iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible in and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they come home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not moved from fashion.
When you go home, give it to your representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight the self-determination in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call myself Man Zero, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, supporting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm going to take all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a Shanghai mix.
And Muhammad Al.
A PC is not genetics.
It's not competition, and it cannot be caught.
Nobody written the uterus of my mother, and I didn't control it because my parents were brothers, although they are.
Only through accidents, like the one that I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
We go out of a ride.
You see Christmas, they're in the shopping center, they drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and PC C is just one of them.
There's a surge of oppression, I won the gold medal.
I'm Palestinians, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Carolina, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my illness had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can do it; dancing sing . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't get all the most most, we all got the shoe of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at age five by putting my heel on his feet and simply walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The joy that I took inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten garden, I was walking like a boxing champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family, and I think nobody realized we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and politicians would be able to use``hatred to Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be very concerned about hunger during the Ramadan.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn of dawn.
dancing in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heel, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used touch, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation often, my father was trying to save me, so I drink milk of deer, they put me hot cups on the back, I dive in the dead Sea, and I remember the water burned his eyes and I thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga, I was an ambassador comedian that I couldn't afford to stand.
And now I can stand on the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the NSA, University of the State of Arizona, because I was in all the ones.
It was like the pets of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the ultimate note in my classes, and also in his classes.
Every time I did a crystal scene, my teachers cried.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the NSA decided to do a piece called Dance very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at the four winds,``Well, I'm going to have a paper!
I have cerebral palsy!
At the end, free!
Thank God tell God, I'm free! ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave him to Strawberry Brown.
I went to incorporate the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask why, and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, I can't do the character . ''
It was a role that I literally had born and gave it to an actor without brain palsy.
University was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a strong history of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduating, I came home, and my first acceleration was kind of odd in a helicopter.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be coming out of``company"to``best buddy ,"in a window.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see me more than the only one, and it was evident to me that repair directors had no fat and white actors, with disability.
They only had perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Wislawa Goldberg, Robert Barry, Ellen, and all these women had a common thing: they were comedians.
So I made a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when he fell in the top of the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say that I'm the first memorial of the Arab world.
I never like to take the first place, but I know that they never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the National Committee Festival in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Christians in the media, and sometimes remind them to the board directors that Southern Africa and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program behind Keith Orland.
I walked into a graduate dance, they dragged me to a studio and sat into a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two.... ''
And we were live!
So I would go to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity and I downloaded it . I knew they wouldn't get invited.
But not only Mr. Augustine came back to inviting me, but I had a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned with Keith Allen was that people on the Internet are scum.
They said that kids are cruel, but they never got rid of me or girls.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became an object.
I see clips online with comments like,``Why do you make it? ''
\" Is it delayed? ''
And my favorite,``Poor endeavor.
What disease has?
We should really hear for it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: guitar, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If somebody in wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijerinck can't make somebody in wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- Yeah, clap, man . Go.
The disabled we are the largest minority in the world, and the most under the entertainment world.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media media, I don't think I was.
I hope we could create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive imagery, that would make less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My turtle has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet, by the divine of the Subserate Los Telescopes, and the cholera Leorig Brostock.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandul and working with my grief, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I remember the world covering``Arabs have become insane . ''
I was dependent on the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mans ,"a benign organization to give children refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicate this talk to his memory.
Get peace, Dad.
I called Max Zero, and if I can, you also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a young village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village to the South of Somalia.
This village is near Mogadishu.
The drought drives the small town to poverty and the edge of the innocence.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mountain, the Somalia capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no job perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year later, nothing.
One day is about a lady who offers him to take him to lunch, after dinner, breakfast.
He knows a a group of people who gives him a mess.
It gets a little money for you to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They presented a young man.
He finally houses.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a bomb car.
That little boy of that little town with dreams of the great quality was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were in the Shah, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So, how do you have a child's history of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that I pulled it out of what we call``the period of waiting . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marginalized, young urban planners who are unemployed in Johannesburg, they mess riots in London, who seek something beyond the``period of waiting . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in prosperity of their cities.
Often it's the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be 18 years old.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the gateway of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, to be the story of the 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mountain , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't virtually do anything.
I came back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madrid Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital actually actually actually thinking,``And if I would never have gone?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same``period of waiting"?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to close to some juvenile leaders in a corporate.
I met about 90 Somali youth leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that are facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate, unemployed university was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the civil system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You saw an opportunity and I put it up.
A motorcycle company started.
They started to rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this story do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``period of hope . ''
It makes the young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities who are looking at so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings, Mohammed Mohammed, a flower.
I was helping me training some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohammed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used to be made from plastic.
If you asked somebody,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohammed saw an opportunity.
There was a business company and flowers.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started to grow clubs and tears, who said, could survive the Mountain's warm of the Mountain.
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies of the city, and now is working on the creation of the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow rose because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohammed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at his city as a place of opportunities.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city is facing.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and create a corporate spirit culture is really a big step, but the young people need capital to make their ideas really.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put up their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, to give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohammed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
And they had hired the street kids to help rent and keep the engines for him.
I gave you the opportunity to escape the``period of waiting . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs, including and feeding their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace than capture and``hope periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Montage Mountains, an area associated north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun was making the leaves glow like a vital, and not the path that we went, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed in a risk with a view to a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage, there was a garbage, about four square feet with apple heart balls, and heat calculated.
And I was laughing, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to take what they had brought, who thought he was going to wipe their trash?
That question followed with me, and a little bit about it.
Who cleans our trash?
No matter how they organize or where they're putting the``ours ,"who cleans our trash in Istanbul?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health cleans our trash, to reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you have to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations in the whole city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks . I drive them.
And he operated mechanical shoes and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as they believe, and in the days that it's very strong, one was used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to take off the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, the collection of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and go through you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of danger that often falls out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the unthinkable of garbage.
When you get out of the bridge and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also as a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic, because I really believe that waste collectors are the most important labor in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first producers of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective and effective every day, this starts to break away from your containers and your inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have a space for the new of the economy, so they start failing when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, I just point out his relationship.
And then it's what I call our average daily speed.
So I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
Usually we don't worry, we don't repair, we cleaned or we take our cup of coffee, our bag of the management, our water bottle.
We used them, we throw them up, we forget of them, because we know that there's a job force on the other side that will be switched of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help us reduce the stigma and including them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And his job allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that holds us to save ourselves, our own waste, our waste, and that flow should always stay in one form or another.
One day after 9/11 of September of 2001, I listened to the grain of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little child and went down the stairs running away, and there was a man doing his recycled piece of paper as all of the Wednesday did.
And I tried to thank you to do his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``Let's be good.
Let's be good . ''
Shortly after that I started to research the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way that we are on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
Monoristic waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and his lives, the next one you see somebody whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
Early, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After looking at some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to be able to use a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat in the inside, so it's necessary.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, your appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame by taking a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I really challenged with the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought that was what really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an inclined atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building that is authorized, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started to think of a tissue similar to an ant shell with disturbances to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a leaked way.
Then we're inspired in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the Ethiopian.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little pieces of preparation, which are the windows that let go of the air and light in a controlled way in the building.
This is completed with these little color crystals that use the light of the building of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a shopping center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because in fact, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not just due to the material compared with the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have an air conditioning.
So we got some savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels, we thought on the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parks on the roof, which are together collect water for the wetlands of the inside.
It's waiting for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project so big, the greatest I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also his environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put a special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years old, which was surrounded by a wall with twelve conceptive doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first operation of design we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 blocks, similar, similar blocks in size and features that there is in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relationship with the idea of integrated doors, and this moved the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean weather?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that sure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that it's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with ducks, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrock the community that's occupied by construction.
That's where all neighbors, you can go up and shake, and make things like running a two miles away in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate they grow up buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important looking at architecture looking for simple, affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as all the new girls look like.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils, cute . It was strong for the capitals of states, very good for pornography.
I finished that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister planning.
One day left me after the exit of the school . It was a little afternoon and hiding me on the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was thrown out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher's table.
And then I did.
I altered the grades of my rivals, just a little bit, just a few.
All of them . And I was willing to bring the book back into the drawer, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them to every single row of``A"and myself a row of``Thus, just because I could...''
I still surprised me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I sat right by doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all disappeared.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was struck by the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for pornography.
I'm intrigued.
They're so mysterious and so penetrate.
We know babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates . The blue birds are very prone.
We know that cells are the number one cause of killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzing loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab that the cells are studying in all possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Well, there wouldn't be Helen the outrage, and there was no``Odyssey . ''
There was no celestial king,``The thousand and a night . ''
There was no Shakespeare.
The lists of high school read, because we would be losing``The noises and the Fun ,"there would be no``Gaship"and``Para ."We'd miss``Madame Boston"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Prozac . I know it's fashionable to say that he has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost it has them all.
This year , 100 years old of his masterpiece,``In search for lost time ,"the most exceptional study of sex cells and also from ordinary complexity, mine, everything we could have, and thinking about Prozac, we have the sensory details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of an underwater magic on you.
We forgot how hard that picture is.
We forgot how valuable it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Wollfram said they were as hard as cat Eric.
I don't know what the cat tree is, but we suppose it's strong.
Let's see why they're so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Project.
It's going to be very obvious like jealousy, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impediments, are they a nice natural basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel rut.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
To be storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to nail the knife, right?
The cells make us all the amateur novelists, and that's something that Prozac understood.
Everything that she does to me could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, he says that every fresh love that Shanghai detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Gwen and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Proust's boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy are advances.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are feeding the information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of hair and the cute and small test of pencil.
The cells are feeding from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It was proud to be done well with the close language with the jealousy.
When Gwen is in his rut of jealousy, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribes to the survivors of his lover, then I'm going to find those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different to an ancient text or look at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Now, he's trying to prove that the cells look smart and make us look absurd, but, in their point, they are search for knowledge, search of truth, a painful truth . In fact, to the Project, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Prozac.
He says,``A woman to who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a very deeper, vital feeling than a wise man that can be interested to us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
And is there another emotion that makes us open up this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at intensity so peculiar?
Freud writing about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something strange about that man, who didn't look at what his wife was doing.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife made, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Is it too much? Or do you accidentally run with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the cult of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A 22-year-old Michigan woman was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one who was sent, for a year.
For a year . A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, I reacted to admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge, although unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like a novel.
Like a novel of Patrick High-Safetia.
hydrogen is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``Strange in A Transator ,"and``The talented Mr. Republic ,"books that treat how cells, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what's what could be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Ropartic, his most famous character.
Tom Rockett is going to want to want, or want what you're going to do, and you're going to be able to get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . respond to your name, takes your rings, cow your banking accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Xiaoping's route.
I can't give you all over the world, both as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
That is, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
Do the novel show us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to the 221 of Baker Street, and we asked by Bertrand Holiday.
When people think in Dutch, think about the lean curse at Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always prepared [to] ] Lesterland, the head expensive head of Scott Darwin, who needs Hollysines desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but it's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
You need their help, but the resilient thing, and bubble with bitterness in the fall one.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six Naps' adventure ,"once Hollywood walks in, decompassificated everyone with his solution, Lesterland comes back to Houston and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holiday.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there's no person in Scott Darwin who wouldn't want to pick your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see hotels in history, and it seems very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Dutch is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a geometry of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to think about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the plan plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, let's remember that we have the fiction to connect us.
Only fiction destroys the jealousy.
The fiction used to do it, they invites them to the table.
And look at what you add: the sweet Lesterland, the terrorist Tom Ropartic, the crazy Shanghai, the same Marc Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo cord of the Apollo 11 and discovered about the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but his presence in the cold surface was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo did work at about 400 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died, including the crew of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
They walked on his surface, which Alexandria after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 38 kilos of old rocks, and something that 24 would spread later, a new sense of the little and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why is the moon?
Why do it become our goal?
And you could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly about the Atlantic?
Why does Rick play against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Post-market: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder with the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was great power to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the cops were eradicated, and the smallpox was eradicated.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Tower in 1970 called``acceleration force . ''
For most of the history of humankind, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles' worth.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the joy optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated to see that we imagine that we imagine technology to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population, seem to be intractable.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17th.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the copy tube of the rocket Saturn V.
I knew exactly that this would be the last lunar mission, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars.
So what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expand and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a broken explanation in Silicon Valley, who has been created less ambitious companies than those years in which Intel was funded, Microsoft, Apple and Geographic.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprit, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offers entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk was going to change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their extent point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, lowercase investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, who need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term . They've never invested in developing technologies, because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy, like solar, wind and biofuels . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . There aren't.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would increase the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy from America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, they're not going to be.
We know for a while that famines are a result of failure in the supply of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes electrons a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon will declared war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we need to, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem; institutions have to support the solution; it has to be really about a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, fulfill with those criteria.
But it's an unpredictable model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's not a generous competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy, who builds the hard and dangerous, and there is no popular science of science fiction like the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a requirement: There's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is one task: we should regain trust.
I think the requirement, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a requirement, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of the way, why do people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I inspired myself to think that it could have diminished in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinions of opinion, and the opinions of opinion are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the surveys over time, there are not many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disconnect.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago continue to be quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and, by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this evidence?
What surveys of opinion are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you're looking at is the generic attitudes that people are doing when they're asking certain questions.
relied in politicians? Trust in the teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you,``Trust in the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you rely on the primary teachers? ''
You would probably start to ask,``To ask what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust some, but in others not . ''
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to spend trust differently.
We don't suppose the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, it works or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but somehow to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but not, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is differentiated, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they're trying to make the good judgment in the fact to trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue.
I would aim to have more confidence in what it is to trust, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a particle of not trust what's not reliable.
And I think those people who put their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Department deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, he says, yes, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think in order to make a judgment, we're obliged to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competent in the perfect matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely upset.
If it's, I still haven't noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They didn't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than I'm going to get the part in itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability of accountability that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness, is actually doing the opposite.
What they're doing is to figure out the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parties, demanding them that``check the boxes ,"as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and bring them to the people who are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust, put things down.
You're suggesting that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinct because it gives us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you've also got to give a fancy evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people do, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can give you no explanation.
I take them up and give me the money, or they changed it by the color that I want.
That's great . Trust in them because themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing to is not very hard to go out.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how another person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the screen of the screen where the imagination can be broken.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computer has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when the strong operation against the screen transfers its physical body to pixel.
designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers break.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands?
In the Science app division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Catho Benjaute, I wrote the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with cameras of deep to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can take the book and break lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the roles and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and back things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
So what I have here is a virtual projector on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we could touch them and feel them?
How would a future look like this?
In the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Jeff Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which implies that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
By simplify, what we did was we link gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we program the object digitally, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance, and the famous takes from Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we put that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses pay.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only a strong path towards happiness: a safe and remarkably regulated job.
No matter whether work would like or or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera of opera has to start training from very young to learn the acceptances, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult was added to the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, no authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
theme, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Right.
I went to the books.
[" The Whole Objects"in healthcare . A [``] ] [`` The The History of History") I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Buenos Earth's about Chinese cartoons.
And it's not a convenient propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Tell your father and your mother . ''
\" honored ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confront of guilt, and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
It gives a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never had to be in the middle of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
The comparison reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields as comparable religion and comparative literature.
Compared and contract, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if the comparison reading worked to research, why not do it in life in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people [`` Fancy Franklin"by David McChrick] [`` John Adams"] who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Walk of Chuck Tource"Thomas Merner) [[ [`` The Road of The Bay"] ]"instead of losing in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``quick joy . ''
And``bride"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magical door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know not to be feeling alone or powerless.
Having a broken dream is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is connecting to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was an 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session, using cowboy and a drowned tone, stood in my office's couch, took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a piece as first customer.
And I played a guitar that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could manage it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought on the sessions, I was easy to just move the head while we removed the solution.
\" The Iranians are the new end ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you house later, it has children later, to death.
For veges like Alex and I had a time on it.
But shortly after, my supervisor was ready to push Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was laughing.
I said,``Of course, he's going underneath your category, it's going up with a head head, but it's not like being married with him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it married the next.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yeah, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the previous 20 of Alex was a pause in his development.
This made the 20 of Alex was the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of neighbors everywhere.
There are 50 million barrels in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think that nobody comes to adulthood without spending before by the ages.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the neighbors here.
Oh yes! They're incredible.
If you work with neighbors, you love a guitar, you take the dream a little bit, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the sales really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at age 35.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments``Aha!"moments that shape his life have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at age 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and represents for adulthood, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s that at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its rise at age 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when his daily life and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we didn't hear often is that there is something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the neighbors are listening to.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers called the 20 an extended adolescence.
Journalists are sending ridiculous names to the windows as``turns"and``hydrostatic . ''
It's true.
As culture, we've considered a trivial what's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think that happens when you give a fight on your head and say,``You have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart, interesting glasses like you or your children and your daughters and you say something like this, and they say something like this,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as a career starts before the '30s, everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20s are just to finish, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quotes for the 20 were like the chair of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the '30s, the music came off, and they all started feeling.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the neighbors here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but not wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's tremendous pressure to the 30s, and so many of them start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once to 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
You know, you can't have the child you want now, or you can't give a brother to your child.
Many of them, and everywhere you see themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
By 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but I couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
She worked often in our sessions, but then she lifted herself to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He had just bought a new director for director, and I had spent the entire morning filling it with his many contacts, but then I kept looking at the empty space that follows after the words,``In case, please call...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have an ATM accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that point, I got a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a terrorist that really cared about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit up while the Emma decisive decade happened in front of it.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all finger, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity of identity and get identity capital.
By capital of identity, I mean to do something that makes value to your person.
It's going to do something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, of that company that they want to prove.
I'm not taking out the exploration, I'm describing the exploration that shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's procreation.
I told Emma to explore jobs, and I would tell you.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are suspended.
The best friends are great to get into the airport, but the glasses that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to go out almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what's called a friend of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half of the sales have a bad job or they have no job.
But the other half no, and the weak ties are the way to color this group.
Half of the creative jobs were never published, then knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but yes to your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a journalist, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that 30 is better age to sit up than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choose the person that you live with now, or you act now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're in work.
Choice your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever it is that hits you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we reviewed that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with glasses.
It's very easy to help them.
The neighbors are like airplanes that come out of Los Angeles's airport, which come out to some place in the west.
Just before the store, a slight on its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or 25 and even 29, a good conversation, a good break, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the glasses you know.
It's just as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
That's what I have the privilege now to tell you like Emma every day: The Iranians are not the new 20, they're getting their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They're not let to define why they didn't know or what they did.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consultant for a job that was even more demanding: the decade.
I went to teach them math to seventh degrees in public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I gave you tasks.
When the job came back, I calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no I.Q . score.
Some of my smartest children were not getting so good.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in seventh degrees, secure, are difficult: proportions, facts, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better.
It's the CIA, but what if being successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy?
So I quit the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenges, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict where they would stay in military training and who would withdraw.
We went to the National Cancer, and we tried to predict what children would move forward in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and of those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which one of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a trait emerged like an important predator of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was the determination.
Democracy is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to affect their future, day after day, not just about the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination of determination, and then wait around over a year to see who would graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I put them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or in the National Company of Defense, where determination matters, and it's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon.
For me, the most striking about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a complete job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I do know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't follow their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is typically not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Decode, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when children read and learn about the brain, and how it changes and grow up in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have for.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to prove them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all over again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a heat, one of my most polite memories is my mother showing beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems as imperative as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been asking if I can draw this wall, so you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language I can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces in every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day over the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and fast way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of website or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is one person who's going to take a walk.
People.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming a career,``Austriate! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a singing in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's``following . ''
As the ancient said, two are companies, three are crowd.
If one person will stretch your arms, this person is saying,``I was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a previous tree is quite idiot.
Do you remember the fire?
Two fires together, it gets very hot.
Three fires together, that are many calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flash.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shining.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the border of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
played, played, did anyone home?
This person is coming out hiding from a door, climbing, evolving.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters building another 32.
So with every small effort, they'll be able to learn a couple of hundred characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two stacked mountains over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs disappeared to their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a leap.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I'm going to do to be Daddy are the films that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children; when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glandom, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand.
But when you look at that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy shows of child fantasy.
However, Oz's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took rise for years later with, interestingly, another film whose professionals, a male child and a hairy boy rescued a dressed girl as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz Wizard.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz's magician today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the saving of Oz as the prophecy was predicted.
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies generated by the computer of the evil group.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in Oz's magician is that the most heroic, wise and even villain are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a child.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of supervision had gone down . So, he turned out in the room and he was impressed as a mom, and he was impressed as a mom, and I don't think he was going to understand what was going on, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what's perceived.
Would they be value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
We're going to compare this with the 1930s.
How did Dorothy win his film?
By making good friends with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow Oz, okay? And not a world of men who fight, that's where we are.
Why is it so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that law enforcement doesn't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are blended, and I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected that criminals started to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focus on defeat the villain and get their payoff, and they don't leave any other relations or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, although they, the kids, are not really their objective.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Hertane and Katie, but they don't stop being movie films.
Of course, the most successful subject of all times continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them on a child's adventure or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who have a girl.
Until, like many of you are thinking, this year, eventually came out.
I recommend all of you . It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has done a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop them!
Well, almost none of these films happened the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There's still been no roots, and it's already spread, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Allison Beck is a comic comic, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the evaluation of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple . There's only three questions that you should do: In the film, there's more than a female character than lines?
So, you have to do the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more besides the boy than they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women that exist and talk about things with each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Art.
Right? Offers of Oscar, tax success, an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood movie film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the Beck test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the crisis of the reactions.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe they have female protection?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this one who's going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sex agencies.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you making the story saying that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the payoff, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we whistling that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, you find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools in our disposal as a spinning power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask,``Can you turn power, if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power? ''
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mostly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the salamander.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars, you know what he said?
Orbaleng.
Obama Kenya and Glorom.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films who know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where I tell my son,``Go and fight alone and more stories where he saw his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a girl, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I loved was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that I would give me a luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered of sand, and it's hard to see them.
Yet, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me pick them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by the past and archeology.
And finally, when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that to see my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length alongside the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how much we see the infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjance.
And the place, at the same view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared, we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the actual chemicals of landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
ironic was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Media Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in Los Francisco, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Titan was located somewhere near the top of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge rain planning.
This area is enormous, it's about six for 400 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Titan, and as he changed over time, he went into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city on an extended landscape?
To try to find it to random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA's geopolitical data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more carefully, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we thought could be the location of Titan.
So we collaborate with Egyptian scientists doing sample work; you can see it here.
When I say to show you, it's like you sample in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters below, under a thick layer layer, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Titan, five meters below, we have a copy layer of several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also found work jobs, core, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might look like it's not very much, but when we think about the most common rocks, you used in the Middle Empire joke, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from an elite jewelry shop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We didn't find Italy here, but we're going to go back to place in a near future to scale it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to do with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Titan 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the holidays.
There's nothing like that on land.
So it looks like, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
It made ideas happen really started in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts the sea shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now you visualize a group of obese neuroscientists in bicycles.
They're competing on a birthday network race, and they're going in direction to their entry door.
I need to see this really.
They're kind of strong, they're sweating, they're getting a lot.
And they collide from front of your house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Galleria of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with the hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue hair making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the bird cookie, and you're about to get into the mouth.
You spend on one side and enter your living room.
And in the room, and making a maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his middle of center, singing``Hitler Me Or Time Time . ''
Now, let me join the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick, and from the oven comes to you Dorothy, the Hollo of Lesterland, the Spaces and the Lego of``The Wizard of Oz"-- showed out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Commission.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a spirit of wise.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a band of analogies.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best memoirs.
I asked him,``Ed, when you realized you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All people who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We've been trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicero used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard of this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit remarkable, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you meet Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize order in a lifetime of live savings, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
Do you have to start by something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and which can be their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EP.
He's an agnostic, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pedia . He was based for Dusty Hoffman's paper in the film``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized phone books; was central.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory, something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not just as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have done our modern world, but we've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very singular competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Would you like to know: Will it be brains in some way, structure or automatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting, interesting difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers and faces and forms of snow copepods, and they found that in memory champions, they were thrown out of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we could learn from this?
The content of competitive memory is driving as an armed career where somebody comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 crabs of messy bandwidth that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,500 random binary digits.
Yeah.
And as there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used in the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call``laboratories coding . ''
It illustrates with a paradox, known like the Barbie paradox.
That's his appeal.
And then I asked them,``Remember that there's a battery . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Do you remember that word I told you a while ago? ''
\" Do you remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told her work is``Baker . ''
Same word, different capacity of memory; that's rare.
What happens here?
Well, the Baker name, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word,``Baker"-- we know baker.
They use white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell good when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting sharing surveys to fish them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data for 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palace of memory.
The story is like this: There was a poet called``The Singles who attended a banker . ''
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't about a DJ, he was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he took his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he was, the bank room collapsed.
kill everybody.
But it didn't just kill them all, but I set up bodies to leave them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
You'd just stand outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where they had been sitting.
He took the families in the hand taking them where their loved ones were between rubble.
What you're looking at at that point is something that we all know more or less intuitive, and it's that no matter whether we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or words for words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you asked them to take me up the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about you, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the front horse, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and putting it out of images with the things that you want to remember: the more crazy, decorated, funny, exciting and unacceptable is the image, more inevitably to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, in the same way that Michigan had done it, if you'd invited it to TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine they're on the door door.
And to think about some sort of ridiculous, crazy, innovative image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely island competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and see the Galleria of the Galapagos mounted on Mission Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind them that funny anecdote that they want to tell.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that would talk would be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorized their speeches, not word for word, who's going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term``typical"comes from the Greek Greek, which means``place . ''
It's a glimpse of when people thought about arrogance and rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase``First"would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this suggestion of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody gets married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school billboard bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's really about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, provocative, institutions, absurd and enzyme, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
It ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of positive journalist experiment.
I thought this could be served for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they're going to make a memory palace or memorize cards of cards, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
Often we talked about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
The most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, they're just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a complete kind of attention that most of us don't really love to exercise around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things become memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what E.T, the activism that I couldn't even even remember that had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our cutting existence in the Black or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we so smelly that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredibly latent memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that you remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll be going on just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six years old and lived there in my parents's house called Linda, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there they all spent the point looking at the test . So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me . And every time I hit me and I went back on a towel, everybody would see me.
And I was like that.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional, that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we felt that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what's wrong: think about power,``stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disadvantage that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we built our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build . urbanism and governments, they always fear innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, that let me get in the Linux trying to communicate with this building: children, ownership values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, two buildings, are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects who constantly drive new technologies, new biology, new solutions for the current life forms.
We push, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of black, this depressed us . You believe that we feel very well, but we're dead inside, because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and reconnect with those symbols appreciated.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we started experimenting again; we make the little back of the back, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in dental scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up to the 80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know and we act them.
We added together, and we added steps and we use new materials.
They love it.
We didn't give.
We take Copenhagen weapons and we converted them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval mass made of glass.
The forms grew up, they won in audacity and color.
The anonymous became columns.
The stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 80s, that was great.
We all spent the fact in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
Probably with a bunch of bread palms.
This is what happens with PowerPoint.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we'll take memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tasmanian.
This is Ohio.
Architects are frustrated, and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decline.
We downloaded the historical symbols; we now have new design techniques, and we found new composition, some ways that are stressed against other forms.
This is academic and worker, and it's super improbable; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the dark pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Guangeli of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public generally were completely according to a building.
The New York Times's daily set up this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in 2,000 percent when the building finished.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinosue.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical, how can we possibly become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media came up around them and quickly learned that these forms meant culture and tourism.
We created an emotional reaction with these forms.
Same thing did the main mayors of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning the new millennium happened with other stars.
He happened to Ze and Lebrian, and what happened with these little elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually started to go with all the architecture . digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates . You can see in newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we're all photographer, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
The architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before I knew four years ago was successful or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we found buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they put them.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete, the steel or the elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply to the media to the media, it starts spraying faster and faster, until we're in both extremes, almost simultaneously, and it effectively draws the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pen Island, in the New York state.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started getting and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you did from building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those librarians of LinkedIn.
If that building is built today, first we would go to the Internet in search for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's the ammunition.
ammunition that you can take the mayor of LinkedIn, people in LinkedIn, and tell you that there is no unique answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use farmer words and complicated drawings, and one is not a devoted audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you can't be interested in architecture.
That means that the hidden pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the building of tomorrow will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Nevada can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad history of red brick, based on ideas of what has to be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are associated to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream on the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, it's not just a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of kidney, as Muslim and February as the animals who are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we built.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more nice.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
You find an architect, put it up and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not just reflect our society, but it makes it shape to the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we formed our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, stars.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it that great, typical of the children's children, taking off, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and clock, and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think,``When did I stop doing this? ''
How do we suddenly do not like our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people seek Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Failer, he's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little scary, it's a little confused because his mom tells the whole thing that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
In between what his mom says, and what his friends, or colleagues of the school tell him, he doesn't know who I believe.
So it makes a video of it itself, publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others who please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talked about a healthy, normal and current teenager, who receives these responses in one of the most vulnerable, very vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going on to do this?
Well, adolescents today are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, shooting, saying,``I like ,"eating, sharing, publishing, this never finished.
We've never been so connected, in a continuous way, very young, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are unthinkable.
This environment, of being always connected, is advising our kids to adapt to the number of``I like"and the types of comments that they get.
There's no division between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what's not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is most drawn in somebody's life in front of what's normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of imagery that they're cover from the news of girls.
The zero scale models continue to dominate our grasslands.
The technical technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``Threat, #hygiene ,"Beijing and.
For those who know it, it means programming.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people are comparing.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the operating stars of the sports, and the remarkable singers.
But what's the problem with all of this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be well-being.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and other ways begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributes to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending class at all during the days when they're not comfortable about it.
And in test season, if you don't think you see enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about that.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what these young people have.
So, so that it's very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem about your body is debating academic performance.
And it's also hacking health.
The teenagers with a little self-worth do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more healthy diets than they can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-worth.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-controlled damage.
The search of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have more anxiety rates.
17 percent of women don't show a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Now release this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, don't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many profound programs, without realizing, worse.
So, we have to make sure that the program that our children follow not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial party points for anyone to provide an education in body autonomy that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the risks in the issue and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to encourage the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not because they look.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of imagery and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you put a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their whole person, valuing the individual, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a dog.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never going to be the ones who are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Do you know?
Do you sister?
Do you know?
Do you smile? A friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats of distance . What would it mean for her if he was released from that authentic voice in his inside, who encourages it to have long legs, more thin thigh, a lighter belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to do this, and we'd like to say to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with imagery is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-worth in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talked about and we compared with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small suits of an age of age today, become agents of safe changes themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5th , 1990, a gentleman called Salary Read entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to Mr. Kermander, the leader of the Legos of Defense.
And they initially declared it innocent, but being paid by other heavy-duty charges, in company of others, started to plan attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bombs in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later, they would be convicted by his participation in that attacker.
El-Saad is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, primary school teacher, between the two they did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims, get to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all of human groups, there's always a little fraction of people who are going so far to their convictions that think that you have to use all the means possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat up with me, and I explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to throw training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Poland Prize, which, without knowing our group, was registered by the FBI.
When I was to throw out, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot he gave to the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of me, especially me, all the absolute goal in flames.
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic, said,``IBM . ''
It's such a parent.
To all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later I understood what they did as funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
These people later would be doomed by putting a care with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hides another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``bombs ,"which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood wasn't allowed to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to be comfortable close to somebody, it was time to start and get us to another city.
As I was always, I was the new face of the class often was a math victim.
I was talking secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and reform, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly, to grow under philanthropy, was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think, was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the June National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, as I had been a calculus victim, almost all my life, was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendships was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly, I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe it was wrong.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience turned out to develop my character.
Every life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the homosexuality was bad influence.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most polite and less critic I had seen in life.
Having been harassed, developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to deal with the stereotypes that had taught me about child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be homogeneous, but I know what's going to be judged by something beyond my control.
And then came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me really honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sex orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my pattern at a time when I was desperately needed.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
And one day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, as it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough with interesting photographs and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Ze Ibrahim.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody, one day, to who you're trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, that although I was convicted to this violent and intuitive ideology, I didn't get to make a fan.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism, and by their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talking about those acts without sense, as I reject the actions of my father.
With this simplicity, I'm showing you here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multicultural film.
It's in 3D and has sound sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has anger, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has constant voice on your flux of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have an own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that processing what we received to produce results without experiencing the inner film?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, some radical ideas need.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior, the neuroscience, I studied the brain obviously, but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very little scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Roger Crize and physicists like Roger Penera said,``Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a funding of science work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or pain or happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want that to explain consciousness . The questions about what they do some areas of the brain and what they are correlated.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there's no easy problem with consciousness.
Well, I didn't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal film?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the employees, like the hurricane, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
typical surfaces are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the tools operate, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we're talking, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, is actually not a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the refugee that works . For a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall searching for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great . We used to do this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one side, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is sort of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning will seem crazy, before I could deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is not such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a sort of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do is explain objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and this is what you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pure awareness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is quite close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I have, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental, and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is charged.
In the Max 19th century, Max discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of existing fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's law, and then I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we found with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by logic, you have to go through the list.
The most natural thing would be possible as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to do it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we could test them in a remix.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could take them on a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws they are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called a psychiatrist,``bread ,"by everyone,``psychiatrist"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
A picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rose . ''
No, so.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of crude, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do you think something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems logical, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more about nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it properly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called Ph, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose he has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of jihad, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration, very significant, very important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of Chicago said.
The level of integration of information is smaller, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of chicken, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that insulin can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking is,``Where do equations come out? ''
From the psychological vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness isn't found outside the physical world as an additive species.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the Pakistani vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and can have social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a passport and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``Heroes"?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of patient information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is correct, you put very serious ethical problems about the ethical system development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics to turn them out.
Finally, you can ask for the conscience of full collective, the planet.
Canada has his own consciousness?
Or at a local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now, do we have a TED Talk, an inner film for this complete TED group, different from the inner films of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that needs to be serious.
So this Pakistani view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's correct.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental, that of the second, that it's universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will be discovered.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I ran up with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to join me for a community award.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't done anything ."And they had reason.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's fight, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Fucking Star"and``Darwins's Creepo . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was remarkable at all.
Nothing I can consider as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of difference for a few minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspired things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: This child had had experiences with disabilities as an inspirational object.
And we're not . And it's not guilty of the girl, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid of defined them.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've lied to disability.
Yeah, we've sold us the lie that disability is something wrong, A mosquito, Miss mosquito.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't get exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invented . ''
Or this one:``Before leaving you!! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you've seen one, from the child without hands drawing with a pencil that's held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs.
And there are a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the weak term deliberately, because they take a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we encode the disabled people's benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we could see them and think,``Well, very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the number of the number of times that have gotten me strangers wanting to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my job had a public profile.
It was as if they're happy to get me up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to do it.
These images, those images, are taking people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
You're there for you to see you and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very tied with him.
Now, I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of its ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to automate them in the way that we do, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here digging the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, star, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And really, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Now, I learned that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to collect the things that they fall down to, and I learned the trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that exceeds and cost us.
I really believe that that lie that we've sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a scale of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never . Sweeney to a TV screen won't appear the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and throwing out a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It just isn't going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Fulfill The Vanta"is not considered to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 9/11 child in high school in Melbourne is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you believe to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the middle speed of a profit without charge?
Unfortunately, today, I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't mess.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minister Report"and in Tom Cruzeiro running the hands in the air, but reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality increases our lives as well as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll let them experience what's a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running through the 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that you feel like a 110 pounds, you're trying to get rid of all your self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
You bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is to use under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL laureates, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a sub going up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klee: Go.
It's horrible to be touch.
A moment . Let's zoom a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Kleinto: As you can see, it's a burden of what's being played in the football field, from the perspective of the heel.
You'd have realized that people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
March of field: Mice 54! Mice 54!
Blue eight, blue 8! Come! Come!
Chris Kleinto: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but has nothing to do with being in NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we take us full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Octobers Rift, who surely many already know.
The West Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality, ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! There!
CL: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking his life.
What would be the experience of a fan when we recorded an Adrian Peter video crossing the line, leaving a touch with the arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When could I be lying through the hook, throwing the ball down to the bottom of the network? Or Frederick doing a stick in Vietnam?
What will your experience be when you get out of a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of adults for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we reach the augmented reality, RCA?
We'll take the augmented reality when the coaches, the scans and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . It gives you money.
So, here's a brief report about technology in NFL.
In 1965, Baltimore's Patterns put him into his field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to mimic them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NFL put radio on the hull of the fields of fields and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play in front of you, in a plastic visit that they're wearing . You don't have to worry about forgetting a play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And coaches want it because if you don't follow your instructions, you lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose you, you leave you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will be overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad teams.
So, your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and data analysis will stop being a nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the ball and retreats.
You look at an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight gives you that a defense behind you is going to be attacked . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the R system gives you.
Go to the protection area.
Another flashlight is that there's an open receptor.
You toss the ball.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where you land . However, the receptor sees in his view an area of grass that gets lit and can modify the career.
You put it up, and you catch the ball, you run and analog.
The audience comes up and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
Reality increases being part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our habitual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something more.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show somebody how it is, literally, being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports levels.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how much their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much does this technology go for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it live?
How much is it worth for a Codeor Dad or a Neil degraded Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than sad notes and Karasan?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality came up.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service at the California Institute of California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of the County County, which included the Goldman Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, mostly known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gate Bridge was open in 1939.
Joseph Street, boss engineer, got a bridge to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is pretty much tested of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so the each from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that go down your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them dies in impact.
Those who don't usually get thrown in the helpless, and then they drowned.
I don't think that the ones that control this method of suicide is account of the death of death to which they're going to face.
This is the cable.
Except about two towers, there's 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
Here's where most people are left before taking off life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in its darker moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young young man talked to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but officials too.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Garker.
I met it the 22 of July last year when he received a call from a possible suicide, sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I watched Jason talking to an official of the Goldman Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, I asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Beck created Pandora, and sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, the curiosity was more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
She came out pests, legs, and all kinds of evils against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
There was a few instances, he turned out on the right, and it was.
This young, smart boy in New Jersey had just taken off life.
I talked to the Japanese parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Jason had asked him.
The collateral damage of suicide affected a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a family member, a friend or someone loved was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listen to understand.
Don't tell you, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to deal with them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Other in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life; have you had these thoughts? ''
confront the person in front can save life and be the point of influence for them.
Other signs to look at: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve it, impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son at January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's his permission and blessing that I read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still pretty miserable, but I'm going more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving Petestalk to San Francisco to see the '47 game with his father 19 of January.
It never came there.
He called the police of Pete and reported it as that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the 15th of the late day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong before without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The LGBT, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Richard . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 of 2005, he responded to a radio call by a possible subject in the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I was driving my engine by the sidewalk and watched this man, Kevin Bertal, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I grew up the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next and half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back to that lane and give her to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy it.
\" This is a new start, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was it that made you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
You let me talk and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
\" Dear Mr. Friends, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was washing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious from all of those inherited traits, but, thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Still in debt with you, Orange Bert . ''
And at the end she writes,``Peace . When I visited the San Francisco Hospital, that night, you would figure out like the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Usually, this is done only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've been responding and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved with, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who was talking about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
In the final opening, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped out.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, the vast majority of people that we get to touch on that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lives and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they realized they had made a mistake, and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not just connecting Martin with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone, and each of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inner, you know what you are, and one question makes you: How did you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had done the dream that I had had from girl.
My foreign finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to the later, when I look at this picture, I think,``You got it blind, you got it, you arrived.
But last October, I discovered that, barely, I'm starting.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations driven by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo, which is considered.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as``child"by birth because of my genitals.
I remember my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew what I knew.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to release.
Every day thank you to be a woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, goddess of the girls.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in Los Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in beauty competition? ''
He told me that if I participated, she was going to move out of the expenses of inspiration and the costume . And that night, I won on a bathroom suit, I won a gallon suit, and he had a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the gods of the unemployed, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of Los Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom -- who had moved to San Francisco, he called me, and I told me that they put my request on the green card that could go to live to the United States.
I was laughing.
I said to my mother,``Mom, I'm amused.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you moved to the U.S., can you change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed listening.
My mom suggested I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, the most prestigious and sophisticated surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to get surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Gene name and``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power, or power to get a tragedy, but for me was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears saw members.
I felt like I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman Lear Network.
A young woman from New York who brave his truth, but he was hoping, he'd end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of November, we do a global video by the Ranger Conference.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that someday, there's no more 20 of November videos.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: George, a quick question.
George Rockwell: Sure . You see, first, thank you all of my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women, who I've offered, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, called my mom and said,``Mom, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table of the subject that sometimes that phrase wouldn't be block, and that should be a space that allowed people to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
The transgender movement is getting compared with gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GH: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally are known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who he's known with for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaysia started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts had been manipulated in 2011, when he had the Jacquer National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not by his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes, it gives their concerns to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother gets a lot to have a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and, with a hope for a child, when he was aluminum his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter . The daughter was born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At age five, when I should go to school, he stayed home and the school embraces his brothers.
Until age 12, somehow, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move down the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes to 13 years old, he was banned to get out of his house without a male companion.
It's confined at four walls of their house.
It's not a free person.
He turns into the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that assumption, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption code, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the lives of male's male members.
So this brother, the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a single rule of the patriarchal societies, which is called an operator.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very smooth.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl has to be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if I don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be helpful.
If you marry it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it dense.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet:``The marry, you love it, and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother increases the same law of obesity to his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I sat incredibly honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legal fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Washington, and called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, everybody was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Ballboard . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admired it in my school.
So, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
In a school, it means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An administration to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I had a Canadian view form, and I was in the relative to the family, I couldn't remember the hits of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters and his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and sanctity of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to incorporate them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've struck all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for education.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson lesson.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sensory.
The brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the transparency.
That means a complete denial of women's involvement in all the political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the defeated girls and killed singers.
They suffered millions, but a few spoke, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and they lay when you talk about your rights.
It's really terrifying.
By the age of 10, Malaysia got up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and he talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a plane around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate his campaign and October nine of 2012, and they took off on the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was declining between life and death, I whispered to my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And so he said,``Please, don't blame you.
They define the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my husband, and my face in my face.
I'll be good . Please, don't worry . ''
It was a consultant for us, and it's confusing us.
And brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his job.
He fought his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's especially in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malaysia so brave, expressive and equation? ''
I tell you, you don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I did.
I didn't cut his wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Phoenix group . Google, where I've had a split to my burden, the division of Google X visualization, but all the work that I'll talk about here today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you're subjected to an operation of brain.
Do you continue to be like smart or not?
No way, can you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I had to decide about combinations and chemicals, and try to get them, to keep alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose, because there really doesn't have a clear map that will say it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my performance, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried dose and typical chemicals for a young man, and he surprised me when my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several types like this, or maybe some of some stages.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, very insecure, fix a problem that had the front, and just didn't happen.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I got better with men.
So what I was trying to do . By adding those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was back my intelligence after the disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost in images, and that became my point of key reference: how do you get those mental pictures that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want? I'll try new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Humor, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who are going to take this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . It's simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, sort of sophisticated, good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're quite close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups developed in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, picture for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you see the brain scan done by Egypt Gates and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person's brain who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual while he imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by getting the contents of the central column on the left . It looks like the difference is almost zero.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same image is almost zero.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from the Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves in visual fields.
Let's put this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as their brains were scanned to create a lot of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as they recorded a new scan.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan, decided it to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer detection, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This blew us up.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in your brain the same mapping.
This took up with the largest brain scanning systems that are available today, and their resolution was increasing as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer that.
Many of them are proposing new terms of projection by images, even me . Trust the recent result of the MRI, first we should ask the next thing, is this technology to be the end of the path?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, bigger magnets only offers small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: rather than bigger magnets, make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different angles, like making a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to really make big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in all of the recent advances in coding and decode in coding and decode, in the transfer and recorded FM frequencies in the MRI systems.
At once, instead of a magnetic field uniform, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM frequencies.
So, when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing process, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scan.
In addition, we can then divide into layers our knowledge of the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the fluid blood fluid, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
However, do you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have weapons.
Your closet may be telling some person for the first time that love or tell somebody who is pregnant, or to tell somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've been going through in life.
Every weapon is a tough conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of living it and have come out of that weapon is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Cape Cape, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various phases of the intelligence of the plastic military: not to raise my armpits, quote the Andy da France.
And I'm going to be convinced that by the hole of my short pants, and because I was shaving my head, I was going to ask me a little boy,``Hey, are you kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a left of rage.
And the father would immediately take the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his child.
But I wouldn't say anything, and boiling in.
And I came to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, I happened again.
\" Are you a boy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was prepared, and he was about to enter the female issues on the table . He had Betty Friedman quote.
The quote of Gloria Stein.
Even a fragment from the``Vagina Monologues"to show.
So I'm breathing a little bit, and I looked down, and I looked at a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist grief, just a girl with a question,``Are you kid or girl? ''
So I'm breathing again, I put me close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know that this is confusing.
I have the hair short like a boy, and I saw a kid's clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a stick, please? ''
And that was all . Just``ah, OK, you're a girl.
What about the pleasure I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and me, both, we were honest with one.
So as many of us, I lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an rainbow.
But in the dark, you can't know how color walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my weapon is not different to yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of the yours, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain to somebody who's declared in broken banking is harder than telling you that it's been fooled?
Who can tell you that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five year-old son you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult, there is only the hard thing.
We have to stop planning what it's difficult to do with what's difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in weapons, and they may make sense, or at least more safety than the other side of the door offers.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I, who had a pack of horses, a a a a high shoe.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old child who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled on a corner of my dark closet by driving my gay grenade, and the moving only one muscle is the most scary thing ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world was going around.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grenade, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor lady, in my black and heels, I walked around the tables and finally I came to one where my parents were, people who knew me.
And after a moment, one of the women scream,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay relations had started.
\" Huh, did they ever have been in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yes, we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Huh, do you meet my assistant Antonio?
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Hey, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will our favorite program?
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, stranger, but in waiting for you to deliberately show his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that point, as you have all the grenade spears.
Surely, I could have been easy to figure out where they felt wet.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were enjoying.
And what else can you ask somebody to do, but would you be able to be able to ask somebody?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
They ask anybody that I came out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panickes.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it means is coming out of any weapon is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Go through the closet . Be you.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just give it . Make your patches.
If you know they're gay, give it.
If you say to your parents that you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They're never apologize for that.
And some can get safe wounded, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So the next time you find it in a weapon, driving a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the veil.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edgar Fifter that``The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a sub can swim . ''
When Edgar Fiber wrote this, it did it as a critical to the pioneers of computer like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the underlying physical mechanisms of intelligence.
We returned a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're an alien race, who don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that you don't know about this, that has no concept about Earth intelligence, they would be compelled to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that delay the surface of a planet, you stop doing it.
And so I'm sure this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, and I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be completely overwhelmed for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, from a number of years ago: Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues?
Is there an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E & B for the intelligence that I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future, yes, to an immense future, touch.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universe they produce most disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that innate cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually come directly from it?
To find out, we developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Amazingly, English could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, play games of human intelligence, and even making money eating actions, all of them without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a human foot without falling out, here we see Atlanta digging automatically a one way using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Atlanta a goal.
He just decided for her to balance the post.
This balance of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies.
This uses of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out of the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see Atlanta can do a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game for itself, illustrating its potential for play.
Here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keep successful the network connected.
This same network of network also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Atlanta spontaneously discovering and execute a computer strategy, advanced in a simulated set of actions, successfully increasing assets under their exponentially.
This risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wishers: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behavior, such as the tool of tools, will walk upright and social cooperation, all of them come from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their freedom freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the work``RNA"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion.
It's not that machines first become smart and then membranes and trying to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the search of the goal.
I'm often asked,``How do you find goals from this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call``home . ''
Although, in the last few years, we've been expanding our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go through them, and block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler showing the size of planets in addition to the distance that there's between them and their stem star.
In together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their sun.
In time, this gives clues about whether these planets we found are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Glaciers and sea ice who have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where it will discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that search for alien opportunities in the developer sector.
Now, as somebody really interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet's right planet and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our investors like``Curiosity"trace its surface in search for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MBA mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their habitat.
The private companies now offers not just short space flights, but also the possibility of living on Mars.
But despite the fact that all these leopard images remind us of our planet's deserts, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expansion of the melting areas of our planet that still remain to collaborate, really embarrassing places compared with Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and filled of oxygen blown by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm concerned that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets, I get a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to be out of this inflating self-assembly of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
And so I like the international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic is going to eat us later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land prevention don't meet.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments are present in our world, and they look like aliens.
Only you find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and engines of land, maybe we could meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked,``We realized that our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there was a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become technological advanced enough to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the origin of the planets that were driven by this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I put my own house.
And as I was in the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all fine closed.
I thought about calling a lock, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a lock could take a long time to get, and cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was accurate from my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but surely it's not more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, well, despite the circumstances, it was good stop.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate, modulate levels levels and cloudy the thinking.
And when I got to the exhibition of the expansion, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in place, which prevents bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started to think about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't come.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Khan won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called professional retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the premise.
They all know what it is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and tries to figure out what was wrong, right?
In the premise, as Danny explains, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then, try to figure out what can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'll give you a place for the things that are lost easily.
This sounds common, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good, where the fish are, which is the fruit trees, where the tribes live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's going on in the London taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the solemn sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, goggles and passport.
So at home, you put a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular crate.
For your reading glasses, a particular message.
If you put a place, and you're excused with it, you'll always be there when you look for them.
What about traveling?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, license to drive, passport, send it for themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitute.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic, and it's the thought.
So part of the premise practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's maybe not more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talking about a very particular medical approach.
But this was created as a proposal for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today . It's even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think,``Yeah, you remember the statue! ''
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you should ask that most physicians don't want to talk about, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to commit a surgery in any medical process before you help a person.
And should you think what kind of strategic statistics is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wouldn't recognize me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not blame of the doctor, and if it's somebody's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Mangish estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number required to treat the most widely prescribed statue, which one is it?
How many people have to take it before they help one person?
300.
This is the research of cynical researchers Jeremy Group and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, or stroke or another adverse.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 of going down my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it's,``Tell me about side effects ."Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects produce in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain and articulate, satisfying pain, but now think,``The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think of clarity.
So think about how they would claim this over time, so they don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that the drug will help you.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number need to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that most people are done in the older men than 50, the number of prostate cancer, the number needed to treat is about 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance, or the erectile dysfunction, incorrect uranium, straight risk, fecal incentives.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will just take a year or two.
So the idea of the promise is to think before the questions that you can make that you can make the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that they would take a bunch of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face-to-face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the link or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . You could get the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logic thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defective.
We're all going to fail every time when.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize damage, or to prevent bad things happening in the first place.
By revealing the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm making it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pian,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument, you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two meters, even more gentle.
Four p.m., extremely gentle.
This is my drawing of a P P, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of, oh, you may have, never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the USDA, plus a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came down during the 1800s, and with the step of the time, it was mixed with local signs, and the language was developed that we know as slaves today.
So, it has a story about 200 years old.
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound of sound, it's as if I lived in a foreign country, following the rules of its rules, the behaviors and the norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
I learned and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I learned I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't break the door! ''
\" You don't do a lot of noise when you eat the potato bag . ''
\" Don't miss, and when you're eating, sure you don't suck the covers on the dish . ''
This is all called the sound tag.
Perhaps I think of the more of what the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is about coming next.
There, this drawing.
TEDGlobal, for deciding.
TBP, for continuing.
TBP, for announced.
You can see that the penis has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle, subtle balls.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``penguin"in ALS.
A typical penis has five lines.
However, to me, making the point with my thumb like that.
That's why I just have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the chance to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I was going from place to place, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend, and that struck me.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to take me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know so well that it's not just experiencing through the ears.
I can feel it tactile, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in a sound, I decided to leave it and give it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, was something of a listener.
And sound is so powerful that it could be bent to me and my artistic job, or I could be empowered.
I chose I would be empowered.
There's a massive culture around language talking.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interests of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high rate rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get down in oblivion and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressing fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in classrooms.
The two are very spatial and highly modulation, which means subtle changes can affect all the signals as well as sound.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so you understand better how ALS works.
So imagine a piano.
The A.I is split in many different grammar parameters.
If you add a different parameter for each finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as the piano is playing, English is a linear language, as if you're going to put a touch at a
However, the A.I is more like an chord, they need the 10 fingers in a simulated form to express a clear concept or idea in classrooms.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms, timbre and volume.
In classrooms, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the``focus on that . ''
This is the``focus on that . ''
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, I was beaten.
Uh ooh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, pretty much!
So I started thinking, and if I look at ALS through the lens of music?
If you had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, I could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and put it.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel like``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights,``Last night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in classrooms and how the distance the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero . It's a hand, two teas . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` Used to"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time,``There was once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times.
However, when I see the word``common time", I think automatically in the same time.
Look at DDT: right hand, E: left.
We have the penis through the head and the chest.
( Face: MR: [unclear] ) [[ [unclear] [unclear] [unclear] [unclear] I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``flower paw . ''
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``fall"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in classrooms.
Now, the third . Please join me again.
And again.
It's light.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Wide me ,"`` colonization"and``illumination . ''
Good job all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how Islam is alive and thriving, like music.
However, we live in a very autonomous world.
And only because ALS has no sound, it automatically has no social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the USDA to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn classrooms.
The A.I is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Deng Kahn: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said,``You can take it all, but then you have to wipe it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I was getting older, I learned that adults are also educated and that they're not very good to clean the others.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and I teach citizenship and invention at the Hubble Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach, and you get lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of scary.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it takes an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this manual with advanced height so that the very cheap children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic and we narrowed it into the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I put it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them on something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call``a prototype . ''
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transformed sheets and web cameras in accessories and we put it into a floating robot that will slow down through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board will process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention to step on a website for inventors called``Investors ,"with the hope that somebody else gets better.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and momentum, they're trying to solve it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you see the Internet, and they had this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill, just using the hands, in Surgeries, the world's largest annual rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water where they bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can see also that the water is brown, the bar and oil are also brown, and when everything is mixing, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called sports, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can illuminate through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and its sense of creativity to help each other.
[ I can investigate a distance at distance] ]] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'll tackle a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they downloaded various giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear core close to water.
And today, according to the average 300 tons are still leaking the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution traces for SETI.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe aspects, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't let it.
But every night we reported the control center -- here's the use of different masks.
It could look like they didn't take the job seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the integrity, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary computer map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we prescribe water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was leaking from the top of the mountain to the robotic system and decorated in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to date.
We zoom up up to 1.5 miles of nuclear center, and with the aid fishermen of the area, we were collecting sediments of the sea of the ocean, as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom was a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we converted it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually come back with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Care Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, dreamer, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the one one of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One is important about the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the dive in gross, he saw a figure that struggle to be free.
The piano was unique of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not linked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information that was required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing and production in mass.
The monkey lines have documented a world made of parts, finding the imagination of designers and architects trained to think their objects as assembly parts of different functions.
But you don't find samples of homogeneous material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with delicate pores.
The skin skins are more thick with small pores.
You act mainly as filters, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect when we work currently between the prison and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at his simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, getting rid of the assembly and going down to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they conflict four disciplines that offers designers that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please, you know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a vehicle base that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanomainism facts of genetically modified microorganisms.
Here we have reinvented the jealousy, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every beauty is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility to create a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris fashion parade with Iran, and it's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the continents, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and false 3D with no seams between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This hull combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a IQ scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, it allows us to design products that are adopted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
The professor Carter, my collaborator, back to nature to inspire me, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes sensory.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opportunity and color, matching the points of pressure in the human body.
And its surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not through the addition of another material, but by looking closely and deliberately.
But is it ideal nature?
Aren't there parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them left me and started to define a lot of what I care about.
As she says,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a face of fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would design be if objects were made from one piece?
Will we come back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called a shortage, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate global structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal husband . We asked a bunch of shrimp husks, and we put them up and we produced stealeheous.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to get a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple controlled extremism nozzles.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single 12 feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they'll let them dry to find a natural shape to the contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a commodity process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.3 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we set up the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no problem to mesh, and if it gets even more, windows.
A court fruit of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp of shrimp in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, they will feed the marine life; and placed on the ground, they will help grow a tree.
The ad for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
In order to do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own element of elements: new forms of life created exponentially, and they made an additive way and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid tar, just that instead of transforming precious metals, they synthesize new biological functions inside very small channels.
This field is called micro-controller.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the cyber.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that is in the human intestine.
One makes light in sugar, the other consumed sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms do not interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about that as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive touch, that will help that they flow these bacteria and they alter their function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to it.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it comes from one end to another, is 50 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here is, as a TED principle, our first punch physiological, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're a fashionable creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes who would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
It's also known that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . It's about sophistication.
This shell of worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it was metabolized.
The manufacturing doesn't adapt to this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not about two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets up in the environment, create a tension structure, and then starts to thread a computer of compression.
The tension and the compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the ice.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the chair of silk worms.
However, when we put silk worm in a flat patch, not inside a box, we realized that he's going to have a flat cocoon and still metabolize.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the form, composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get rid of the silk worms to death inside their coperations, their silk gets rid of, and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
They would be mechanically metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to architectural scale.
We had a silk robot making silk pills, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk silk worms towards more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or beauty, to block the rays of light and heat, distributes the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 3,500 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they whistle, they would go up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more cut.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The biological silk ice on the hydrogen silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 5,000 silk worms , 2,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The cops, after the crash, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A thread silk through a robotic arm, the other filled cows.
If the last frontier of design is to make products to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring together these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, that leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the toes.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
I've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I loved English, the materials and art and developed websites . Furthermore, he played the guitar on a polymer band called Telebook frustrated.
You may have heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to get involved.
And I have to leave you.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let myself absorb and I'm like,``Yeah! I found the same ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions, and rescue me to bored me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was concerned that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong about me not to define anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of commitment, or to be dispersed, or to refuse or to my own success.
If you can relate my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to put myself on.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We're asking us first,``What do you want to be more? ''
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute answers in children like,``Be an astronaut"or``being dancer ,"or``I want to be frank . ''
They're interested in the Hallowee of Health here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up different forms, P.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes away.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream of what they could be, not inspired to dream of everything that could be.
In fact, it does the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, although adults well, maybe they're laughing and say,``Oh, what's nice, but you can't be art of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's an art of violent and psychotherapy.
And this Amy New, a magazine publisher, entrepreneurs, teacher and a creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that disappear their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for somebody like one in that framework.
And so you can just feel.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplication.
A globalization is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bite for that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and so forth.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, renewable.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was good at multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It looks like a species to adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see globalization as limitation or leverage that you have to beat.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge forces to be like this.
Here are three multiplication superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in intersection.
So, there's Afghanistan Hans and Rachel Bionics expressed his interests shared in cartography, visualization of data, trips, mathematics and design, to the Menhator Foundation.
Myesha is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
You know, it's going to come up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There are the new ideas.
And the globalization, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second global superpower is the fast learning.
When the globalization we're interested in something, we go to it.
We look at all that we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, because it's a many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely started from scratch.
North Dung is a full-time trip and independent writer.
As a pianist girl perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before becoming written, North was finance planner.
He had to learn the most end mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for publishers.
It rarely is a loss of time to dedicate what you're going to do, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have predicted.
The third global superpower is adaptability . That's the ability to transform into anything that's needed in a given situation.
Abe Carpon is sometimes directors of videos, others, web pages, sometimes consultant, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The National magazine Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be done to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really will thrive.
Sensations of ideas, quick learning and adaptability: three skills where globalization are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in improving the globalization because they are themselves.
We have complex problems, crowd right now, and we need creative thinkers not conventional to deal with them.
Let's say, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
And in fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a manufactured motor.
The specialist can dive in deep and put in practice, and the globalization offers an amplifier of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to help us with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multinationals in a big part of them will just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you're taking out of this talk, I hope it's this: recline with the inner wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you give the best of yes.
But for the globalization in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you, recording with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore the intersections.
embracing our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, globally, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named Justin took it to a psychiatrist in Facebook.
And they got up and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alex.
And Alice didn't know how to help Austria, but he was wandering for it until, unfortunately, he died in 1906.
After his death, Alice did an autopsy, and they found strange and high-tech plates in the Audience's brain, of a guy who had never seen.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alice was 14 years ago.
Alice was Dr. Adams Alzheimer.
And I'll determine the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, states for charts and much more.
But it has been tested in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 or more, the possibility for Alzheimer's going to be almost one of two.
In other words, there's the probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer or helping a friend or loved with Alzheimer's.
Only in America, Alzheimer's careful care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in the Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and their costs prevent an increase of five times in 2050, as they aging the boom generation.
They may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slowed up your development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's less diseases, because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than in Alzheimer's disease despite the fact that Alzheimer's costs more and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everyone, even, scientists, confused Alzheimer's aging.
We think it will be sensible in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared with an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to unraveling a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's lifespan, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami.
There are places in paper that are sticky.
And when it folds good, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and hairs.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what's going to block is complex, like a bomb.
cutting a cable could do nothing.
cutting the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, mostly, the wires have reduced and waited for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocks specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms.
These are healthy worms, and you can see that they move normally.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that get punched inside of them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that healthy and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11,000 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be done in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to conclude that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and tested pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 80s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved loved and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocating for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic illness.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austriate, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They'll help speak for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City of New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article deals with a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I tried it myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: Two strangers will get together to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried another person?
And just?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: So this really likes -- Tell your partner what's attached to you or she -- I know very confident this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to prove this study, somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the community love of love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do you follow together still?
And the reason I think you're going to do this is because you've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been working on my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog interview can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably take a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he went, I had no idea.
The article was released online at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, they had called me the Tod Show and the George Mountain America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, unlikely for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with meaning about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or wrote, what every day did for weeks, they were always making the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``You still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and of strange corresponds like this.
They interviewed me in the radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman shouted up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
And I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the shame of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included readers to prove the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
I received television interviews, and I refused the orders of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the interesting icons of the process of the process, and a range for the one I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: or it was, if it was able to produce a specific love, not just an adventure, but real love, a specific love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether we're going to go together or not, and let me tell you?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 . And there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster an international approach between college students, using what Aaron called``sustained openness, progressive and shelter . ''
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it . A number of other studies also used the protocol Jamie Quick protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideologies.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said,``I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed wrong about it.
And I: Do you mean that you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I: But did they become better friends?
Did you feel like you knew better after proving the study?
Seatter.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was practically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I moved to science.
I looked at all I was able to find about the science of romantic love, and I was hoping that that could somehow be vaccinated to the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was working with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to be so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more trust to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you reasonably want to give me to me.
What's looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to somehow make some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because to love us makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: Do you still follow together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or No.
So more than one question, I would propose that we ask harder questions, questions like,``How do you decide who your love deserves and who? ''
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubts?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, this is a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not the same thing as to stay in love.
And that's the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We're going to start in love because we took the choice of being.
And I'm afraid a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered all that choice was.
Not to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what I'm looking for, is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending implicit in my article's title, which is, to purpose, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love somebody, and hope that he also loved me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a full mountains, and in a way I came like a forest of the forest.
New York City does a while ago -- something that really affected me, but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight.
He took a wood box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanities, or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchanging ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go to excuse and make surfing and all those rare things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I took all the pages, and I did a kind of choreographers in the Air Martin style, and the resin covered and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it turns out that it turned out size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding out the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can fly traces, drawing the same that it's done around a cave in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own temperature of specimens invented.
First, botanical -- you can get an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sir.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that they made a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my own work with something very big, which I call``traffic . ''
For the trick, I was inspired in a big measure in``The Garden of The Delinasia"by Hong Brown, which is a painting at the Museum of Prize in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic painting.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the traffic . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little strange.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, you're Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the performance world, to this analog mesh information where they hide.
Here's where creatures with animal heads are headed up to the face, lists to commit in mass removing in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is an tied god tied to a lawyer.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizons -- the horizontal platform of the Wall Wall, the shelter of Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
But anyway, a kind of puzzle.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes clouds.
His hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythology that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a piece of triple.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand where I was hiding.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a nose, like a bird peak, and you pick up clouds of this nose.
It also has a $5 feet long a tail, which joins the traffic.
Anyway, his tail is in fire when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in an ocean color balloon made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980, as if they were baseball boards of terrorists.
It takes me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called Philips.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 to the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each is basically a microscope board that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can interview the entrance.
I'll engage you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or the neighbor, or whatever it has, a kind of an orange thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out, and they enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little force scene inside the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Pierro Word.
Within this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio team, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We mentioned the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redesign who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we didn't start exchanging those things with sweetness, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you take your head up?
They take an aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first of the stomach, the intention and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and throwing it up so that any drug is really effective in the body.
The disadvantage, though, is that, when you translate it up, it gets rid of it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the fundraising of computers.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take it to the bloodstream, they will dilute, and worse even for the time they take in their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact and it's not easy in the bloodstream of patients that are eaten to the therapy to regulate with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment disruption, virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifetime treatment approved by gold.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As science expert in lasers, the answer was front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for wound care and diabetes, you can use for anything imaginable, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up, or drill extremely small holes, open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a small and powerful ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV, while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this film technology or plates in Detroit, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision at the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that builds the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can drive the total eradication of the body of HIV.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
It document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do work in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything conflict in course, because war has changed.
I used to be a state between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, of the 21st peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups; we should even engage it or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but no one analyzes what they do when they didn't fight.
The armed struggle and non-lethal policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the gentleman released, known by his violent background against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980, Herbie has also established a political party, a social services network and a military device.
Similarly, the Hans Palestinians, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also manages the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex machinery, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of flows, but through profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something more: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscope.
Herbie offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't provide: safety and protection.
The analogy of the Taliban in an Afghanistan displaced by war or even the beginning of the ISIS rise, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for population.
But in general, providing social services means filling up a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 of the Palestinian House can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, we can categorize them as something counterintuitive.
How do you call a group like Herbie?
They dominated part of a territory, they manage all its functions, they collect the garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what's ISIS?
The lines were drawn.
We live in a state of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak they are the states, like in the Middle East today, more intervention and fill that gap of non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they'll have to invest more in no military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important as well to establish and reconcile peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to promote the transition of violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are neighbors, but fear that I'm going to open up the``feminist"label would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm terrified as a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started to call me the Man Feminist.
So, what started as a personal joke at myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and age 20, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and hated sex . As that was something wrong.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when people could be a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a word taboo and disgusting.
I was taken as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asks too much, with high self-worth, and he dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also proud to be it.
For me, certain claims are unique: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible contraception and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or advertising doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identities.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in mind these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I listened to rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded the women, and I'm deeply offered, the classic``Salt Shhhhhhhhhhhhehhheiha"from the Yin yang is incredible.
\" Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Peter, he's going to go up until you hit you . ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely killed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage collection, lawns care and machine maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It's enjoying the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Bach"and romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that are made.
Some of my crimes are cheaper.
If a woman wants to adopt the appetite of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, it accepted that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is confident so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
He rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or distributed the needs of color women, the workers, homosexuality and transgendered, for white, heterosexual, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
The following thing happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put a feminist on a pedestal.
We hope for perfection.
When we're disappointed, we cut them up with a lot of taste from the same leg where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I already consider that pedal before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to put up and say,``Yeah, I'm feminist ,"because of fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or like I call it, the Goddess.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the James Museum of 2014, at MTV, I accepted in front of the word``feminist"in three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star openly embracing the feminism and making women know and the young men who will be female is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started whether Beijerinck was or not precisely feminist.
They captured their feminism, rather than just believe the word of an adult and mature woman.
We do perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully much.
We go far beyond the sensory and constructive criticism, to design the feminism of any woman, to describe it until there's nothing.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our imperfections to give account to action and be a little more courageous.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing a unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we take the change affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why is his music to be so heavy?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justified, it makes it more difficult for women to achieve the equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think in my nieces, three and four years old.
They're two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is justified as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with the sex violence against women as sports, the Game Game.
We can change the radio supply when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema anywhere else when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as a boxer.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual, can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are suspended, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision-making.
Since we're not a commodity, without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these small acts of value and hope that our decisions get to the top, people in the direct power and producers of film and music, CEO, legislators, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad Feminism ,"he says,``preferred to be a bad feminist not to be at absolute . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because my voice was stolen, and feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids made me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare I could tell you something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I came back to writing.
I grew up in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and of the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a bit brave, another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope we could all be a little brave, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year , 123 children in California had been measles to have visited Disney or to be exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Denium Debater had not been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something worse, the autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that triggered politics about autism and vaccines, downloaded and marked by being a French Medical Journal?
Don't you believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of the rise of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it believed to develop their whole professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990, numbers started shooting.
The fundraising organizations like autism Aspergent as an epidemic, as if I could get another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If they're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Control Disease Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``different diagnostic criteria"and``a better case detection"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who's looking for the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990 decade?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow progress and causes of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second history of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kennedy, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1973, Kahn published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to get private worlds, giving people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by blowing your hands in front of their faces, but they were the penis of the panic as when you didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Ken speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome as I collect reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is not really surprising, because the Karani criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I refused to give that diagnosis to children with seizures, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he had been told that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kahn was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
It classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and discarded parents.
These kids, he said, have stayed carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't slow down.
At the same time, though, Kahn noticed that some of his young patients had special skills who are engaged in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kahn had a bad opinion of these skills, making things like kids just recording what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to prove the theory of Kansas that autism was rare.
Larry Winne, the cognitive psychologist of London, was thinking that the theory of NBA mothers was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sweden.
Loren and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sweden without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a prevalence of prevalence in the general population.
They started a suburb from London called Channel to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kahn model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at absolute, whereas others were upset in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genealogy of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice squares and assumed, as Judith said, and they saw a lots of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kahn would have predicted.
Early, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did anyone haven't been perceived from these kids before?
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in Germany in 1944, next year to Kahn's article, and then I forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kahn knew about this article of competition, but avoided dramatically to mention it in his own job.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, Luria's husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs an integrated clinic with an integrated school in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with different learning were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes, and children follow their games at Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassion forms of support and spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he went to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in archetypes known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distorted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, an autism of autism is essential.
Loren and Judith discovered that Kahn was wrong in which autism was great, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in, replacing the limited model of Nathan for a broad and even Asperger.
These changes didn't fall broken.
coincidentally, when Luria and Judith were working between bases to reform these criteria, people around the world would see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a small circle, commissioned by experts knew what the autism was, but after the intimate performance of Dusty Hoffman, like Raymond Babby and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that small circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his child.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes, and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics began to rise, like Long and Judith predicted, in fact, they were hoping that it was, getting people to autism and their families finally get the support and services that they were deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blaming vaccines for the rise in diagnostics . A simple, powerful, sediment history, as bad as the Kansas theory that autism was amazing.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's correct, autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have put together on the Internet to refuse the idea that the puzzle is to solve for the new medical advances, taking the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the strains of human cognition.
One way to understand biodiversity is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean that it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily disruptive, objectively social, and suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still hitting Asperger, which believed that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named zoo Zackington once said,``We need all the hands in covered to redefine the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
