You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or a leather clothing, and never ever chose a farmer.
Today I'm here to talk to you about circles and Egyptians.
And you know that an epiphany usually is something that would fall to you somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bluetooth.
This is the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in State, Ohio, where I was the rare of class.
And they were beaten to bleeding every week in the kids' bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Postem who said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that of adults, we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to go with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we went back, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it one place, and we interacted it, and we take care of it and we got on their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, he became a ash box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that part of life needs everything the rest of life.
I need real and beauty, and I'm very happy today about this today.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first iceberg.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was dizzy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg all around me spread out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a snowflake on another coincidence of snow year after year.
The iceberg is born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of you are refuse to go and go down to the end, while others can't support it anymore and they're discarded in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and lonely isolated, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
And I'm close to photograph these iceberg phones as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist that way and they won't exist again again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuum of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photography is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last photos I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Keslers, Greenland.
It's rare to actually get to present a rolling iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a pick-and-roll iceberg.
You get out of the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them by looking at a baby.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want them to stop too much on the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm goes into the X chromosome of egg.
And in the other case, the shot X of sperm is attached to the X chromosome of egg.
Both of them are coming and life begins.
We're going to talk about them later.
In my soil, I'm going to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people beat anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role I'm doing in my work is the activist of activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, advocate's impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with symmetry twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with anonymity; people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers with outliers, individuals whose physical biology doesn't fit in the male schools and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it interactive.
Interpretation embraces many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female common forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual with the Owl cost, whose General gene of chromosome and tells the protagonists, that we all have in the fetal life, that become testicles.
And then, in the fetal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of the anxiety to the margins.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical course.
When you're born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often it's not until the puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing it tests, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, as men, we have in the body something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Surprising glands produce ancestries, the hormone of masculinity.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; he doesn't know his chromosomes structure; I think to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to Americans.
We produce anomalies, and we respond to Americans.
As a consequence, somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the craftsmen that the woman who was born with testicles who have the syndrome of an anxiety.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the interiors are in the middle of the spectrum -- they can actually be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they're going; he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and just discovered he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a surprise super-controller.
He had 20 chromosomes, and in the uterus, South glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were maliciating, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
He was born with a child; no one suspected.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an interactive case.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what's known as observations, that is, they have an extra tissue wrapped in a testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are tools, symmetry twins, or intense, they are subjected to thought-controlled surgeries, not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you have a number of surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the categorize.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within a body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor with the Sustain corridor, put his sex in the International Games of Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask myself,``What are you going to do to determine whether punishment is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not trace a silly line between men and women or between men and intellectuals and women and international; we're ourselves who we plot that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also, in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we do to differ from them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that simplistic categories that we have probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the spheres of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights from the fetus.
There are very angular arguments today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone gets dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved still, they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma of really determining someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could go to somebody like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, I'm defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
And I'll say that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about me.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a visionary fervent of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious, and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much looking at that music covering``1776"and not by music, which is totally passive.
That's what happened in 1776 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activist activists in the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everyone remembers, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monotons of the old world did not know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was made by the right of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game camp and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the atomic differences . That was a very radical thing.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system where two things were being made.
The democracy was being tested, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if you look at the story of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power, transmitted by a birth idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and God's god.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, we were transmitting the idea of atomic coincidence.
And in doing that, they were sitting the foundation of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then I came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the heat of Southern Turkey, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who would appeal to the atomic coincidence on the atomic difference and again succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we should get to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-olds were allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keeping them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these things in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms: on March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact of being born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- and I haven't told you whether it's July, in virtue of being considered man now, it's possible for mandatory electoral that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on his part, does not have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science moved so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy could crumble us?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science is scarce.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make criminal tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome's resistance.
If we look at one of the founders of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``And I'm going to go and offer a solution.
He says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I have to admit that I know some of the dentists that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some wonders that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me asks what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to run this current thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels drawn to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless they're willing to join a sex change, where it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made to give birth twins and then separate them and get his fame to go.
But when the phone was asked to ask the operation of operation, I was a very risky operation, and I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and therefore had to.
And what I said,``Well, has it considered political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think of what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I mean something a little bit radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical biologists, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that's interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism, I was considered feminist, as I did a strange plant.
\" Tell me what the feminism has about . ''
And I thought,``It's the stupidest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with giving gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist . ''
But the more I've been thinking about his question, the more I have that there is something female in feminism.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people on the state of the state, it's possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, we may have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect union, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world dozens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already property and that the other half still would be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by making subjects in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas surrounding them have rules to avoid the ailments and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those amplications.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new big enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
Later, I found myself that more or less at the same time, Java and October were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 horizons would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi Lord is adopted dramatically with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked occasionally to be his boss chief.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes as much of technology as rules to progress, and it's usually the rules that prevent us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said,``Let's think about this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a room conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice, terrain that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where you start with populated terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not to live under those rules.
So the Honduras president called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Texas and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the donors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that's at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was currently clapping.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader of the Congress came up to the platform and said,``Professor affair, thank you for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go to in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it would also include new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need aid of associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them set up and make the standard rules of the status, so that they could all trust the status to effectively meet.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could be easily about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to launch their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional amendment was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, they supported it.
To include the constitution, it has to be approved twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again, again in another voting , 140 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 Honduras was at two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities building.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a whole new center of the city that's built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the last moment for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and cities who are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing that we've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to change somewhere else.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to do to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honor friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my valuable.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to do a public confession, and that is, live obsessed with the suits.
I love finding, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suits, colorful and different for each time.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and secondhand stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my throat in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to meet interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buying it into my personal treasure of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my shop?
Am I like color?
Is it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the theme of my courage, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting TED week.
I mean, what does someone get all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
Now, in the inside of a week, it's all I've put on my value.
I would imagine that it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after coming here to Palm Springs.
And because I'm not known as the woman who walks by TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that, believe it or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You almost can see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set, including the jacket, cost 55, and it's the most expensive I've used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be wrong, when you're seeing a bright red swamp.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Wednesday: God from the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the differences, or I remind you of their little of seven.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday is the key.
If you think you're doing well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't do well with something, it probably also is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lentils go all over.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style and unique is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up this week just for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to emotionally get to these things, because at the turn of the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, bright suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure each hemisphere's fitness, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who's completely logical.
This would be someone who's totally intuitive.
So, where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would opt for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great contribution in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to address these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how they react, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the past of the years is that one thing can be only one place at a time.
That is, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small kid, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell.
But I bet that the playing with that bar of parking taught him a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play the parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like you can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't fit my logic well.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal little that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a very good approach to the little bit of metal.
What we see is a small little bit of metal, with the form of trampoline, and it's supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming film that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs some help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's the light that shines it and the wind that happens next to the room and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooling it into a less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the small piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating . And the way I vibration was like a breath in this way -- like a piece that expands and contract.
And when you give a soft soft, we could make it vibrate, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing vibrate and not vibration at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case: all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are still still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time, they're depressed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth going on a clean room to do this for all those years, because look at this, the difference on the scale between one atom and that little metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that little metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part that he speaks.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was depressed in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the fact that the quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep narrative of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amitabha.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
I'm a great education, I didn't complain about it, but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've done from their launch.
So, just: Go to GPH.
Look around all the museums there.
There's the Zuxu-Mister gallery, MoMA, European, Reuting, Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metrickation, the New York art museum.
There are two ways to do that -- very simple.
We click, and, wow, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, it doesn't really matter.
You move around and you fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened the plane up, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
They keep forward . They get fun.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Coaks'"by Pieter Brown in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gyre technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can do a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you would really want to depth.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I went through a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called``inconsistent ,"which is to hit an ocean with a package on Tuesday's Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The Star Night . ''
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and really it does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``The Star night ,"I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of stuff here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I've created this function that I call``The Power of the zooming ,"-- we just made a zoo around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can encourage things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you're looking at these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things actually don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even not from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork, and it's appropriately represented online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is:``Did you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think that it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it responsive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting about the French careers in the last two decades.
Now, sometime, if you wanted to win a formula of Formula 1, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an actor.
What's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the open air.
And they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and actions.
Conditioning cities is big.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the Earth's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detection and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Pastor Atlantic exhibition by the end of the MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk to Me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
It's kind of like almost every existing atoms became sensors and actuators.
And that is completely changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses, it's said, at the end, he took the hammer and threw it up to the Moses -- and you can still see a little bit of a shop, and he said,``Percy isn't parallel?"-- why don't you talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to speak.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I'm urging in the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully in 2006.
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the West, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tibet River.
It's the morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon there are people here and there cheating, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Gulf from France . Gulf from Italy.
Terms; people make a fast call, and it goes to the bathroom.
Second time . End of regular time.
First time, second time.
Wind, and in a moment, your head.
Win Italy, yeah!!
That night everybody went to celebrate it to the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center to the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusett, where, from the Roman age, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the garbage in their shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would all pull.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Participate from Seattle ...
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
This is data that they didn't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw down, it doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we throw down one day is still there.
That if we show people that, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, aspire Asian, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in March.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, add to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine you have a drink and valves, solidarity valves, glasses that open and close.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the mayor Bell.
He liked it a lot.
And I put a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There's no windows, no windows, but when you approach it, you open up so you can pass.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the sales, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be someone, in the winter, when the roof goes down, someone who was there, and he said,``They hate the building . ''
No, it's not that they've demolished it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture, it disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not move by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was really even more fun.
All the children in Gaza came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that opened to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump down to not move.
( People noise) And for us that was very interesting, because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, the water pixels, and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixel cloud that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Flip, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light comes up, it looks like this.
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Netra star in New York and the Miller Hall to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitize in real time as movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment, just like a cloud of clouds like grain farming, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody would give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time, and Obama's campaign, we're able to move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, we may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud is pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
Like a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I would say that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they'd like to be in better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves?
What about good health with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
So what else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity . Creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many would you choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a standing subject here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor about the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED . Bobby, who also propelled in the Church Orthodox Church, wrote a test called``Nothing biology makes the sense of evolution of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Is it meant to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, the most interest.
We derived from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think, when Antonio Damasio makes them, you think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very adult.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It's really kind of a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force forest towards the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future tell us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or meant to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unconscious symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only one companies, and human life, a little notion of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I first entered college, I had my first class of biology.
It was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most existence in life, in single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted by two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going, it had more and more doubt.
I got to understand George Burns's feelings, who still acted in Vegas well in their 90s.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a gorgeous light light.
He looks at it, and he says,``Come on in a sex soup.
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal of evolution, not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to restore health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level and then let the sea fall.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen is when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best accessible to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the mechanical bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an acute environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would otherwise have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And second, as a species, we've set up our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, close, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to happen.
A second possibility is that an evolution of traditional, natural type is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution roll slowly, but they're intractable.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species of distant planets, there will be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, scary possibility.
The so-called new evolution, new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you could possibly be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the appetite?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and took 13 years.
It cost seven billion dollars.
The next year of being done, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to the $20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to lack a lot to do the human genome for $1,000 and be increasingly aware of all.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or not there's an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco?
That's true today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change your offspring cells?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the fresh egg, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminate the memory, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also embrace hyperbolic skills -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster concrete muscle that allows us to run faster and faster?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have become evolution of before in the nerve.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by making clothes, clothing, clone.
Close, clothing, clothing, clothing . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . Probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already lived the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
Generally that's not the route.
The motors go off.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three most distorted words I've ever heard.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fence I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have, and I never had.
While I was thinking about it later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``College came bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life anymore.
And that urgency, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we went through the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't very much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I'm sorry the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right; choose will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water going on.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was made in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in my daughter's performance -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, cry, like a little.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood, when I connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Most of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live otherwise.
You're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDMED was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
He got home after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, texting has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met his brother and father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, is not that you see Stephen Hawking's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do they communicate then? ''
Does anybody see the film``The Barriflu and the butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they get off with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that particular time,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do their art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside can't communicate it . ''
So I spoke in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Grandma Research Lab, which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, they draw about that and record the negative space.
So they go around making art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things from one side to another side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDMED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Yorusk because I'm talking to the guy you get an email from it, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world literally from all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved the garage back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and analytics took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something totally stupid, and that when we'd come back, they removed the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we were programming, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Excerg [`` Education, NT"and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the sea of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homer Depp and Radio Shack.
We took a PIPA camera, we open it up, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we published free code, the software goes free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room's room, and that's his room.
There was all this light and shortcuts during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of parking the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends, and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to spread in the parking way, so we felt as if we were dealing with graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew seven years.
I felt as if I had been underwater and someone finally came to rescue me and I would get out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what just close the circle is that in April of this year in the Drug Freedom in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best experts of the Bankesburg urban art, Shell Frank, CDs all are going to be there.
TEDx is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- stage, computer, the microphone, the Scratch nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with an eye recognition technology; I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do . If not now, when, if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting into a very difficult situation, and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in zones of war -- hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands, and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I pulled out an ad in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was:``The Nation Namibia presents: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and in content, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when I put it.
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've got into horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Space: I want to make a film that deals with products and marketing and advertising, and the whole film funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The biggest movie ever sold"is that everything from the top to the bottom, in principle to end, has marks of brand, all the time -- from the advice that comes before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Ruth Studio, the State Center ...
These people are going to be associated to the film to perceive -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kasajamics: It's redundant .): What? (MK: It's redundancy . )"A perceiviance forever?
I'm a redundant weight . (MK: I just say it .) It was more per emphasis.
It was``Apple . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the program of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure we take all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the biggest shoe you've used.
The most cool car that you've driven in``The biggest movie ever sold ,"the best wheat you've been drinking,``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
Alice Kobell: So, the idea is then in addition to showing brands as part of life, to make it funding the film? (MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works . ''
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, of beginning to end.
And I would love it to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Boy: However, I don't know how accurate people are going to be.
ZK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David John: How much money does it make to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but certainly it's worth convincing a couple of big brands.
ZK: Who you know, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rodesh: Most answers will be``not . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by film or for being me?
JK: Both.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So, you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge --"When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where going . (MS: Good .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible, make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in today's world, this new media intersection and old media scenario, is not the idea to tell that new amount of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a graphic mistake and that error was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what represents this image.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way of rolling, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen; easily understandable -- that it's characterized by visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line that is the last line.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president name it, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it real, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues to burn.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat an entire piece of Cool White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in a lie, and there he is looking at him as I used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanting to help me -- and just because I met John Bond and Richard Kraniem from many years old, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away the interest and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started looking at all of a sudden -- which I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge, giant, other people who make small movies, independent, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant, say the reason their films have so much success is because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see this specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Bander Bank.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you right for this interview? ''
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I would offer one of these fabulous aroma.
Both``Florida Florida"as``Paradise winds"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as for woman, solid, block, on bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a professional view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the smallest kind of film you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So, doing things like this, you know, remember it Bay to people, is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe B?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talked about something bold, fresh.
I think that``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep you fresh longer? With better breath, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a billionaire company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Hmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to revive the '80s, police puberty, unless it's launched.
MS: Okay, what is the GreenLab brand?
George: Something unique . (MS: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour . ''
I like the dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic convention,``Mercedes Benz . ''
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it casual flight.
Woman 2: It's partly hippie, in a home part of a Brook, partly Brown, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
I'm selling pets for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I gave the market.
Man 5: Marco school failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamour and casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson Zahry in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neanderthal, February, Hallow to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
JB: You brought the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people modeling my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized, and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life.
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who would like to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"-- why does that serve us?
What's the muscle? What's the popular phase you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What does the red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metrics have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Yay! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job) A: Yes .) ) MS: Thank you very well.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
Lyndon Zalmen: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the Morgan Space brand is a conventional brand.
They go very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature to avoid things that they're not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get wired and make it positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see Target, Wii, Mini Copeans' Mini, and Peter.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a diabetic brand is quite powerful.
MS: A vocational brand . What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an anti-acted attribute? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you more a distant attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The descending attributes are like being playful to be fresh as the Prince, contemporary, adventure, bold or bold like Europe Florida, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magical or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather independent?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 0006?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Yodoto?
On the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies and stages and descendants, who said``no ,"didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control over the end product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neocortex, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance now uses to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as for cinema.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising outdoors.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no fences, there are no posters, there's no village, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer, or that I've been more successful, are those where I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took off the inmates, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to be thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has it gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is stressed in the Sundance Festival, let's take a look.
According to the movies, the movie stands in January, and since then -- and this is not all of us have had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only one of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie was still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in Amsterdam.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about was their clients won't be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, you're preparing all your company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we have to give it a fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We opened the fear . We open the risk.
From one knife at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, my whole talk``We opened the transparency"has been presented by my good friends from CMU who by 9/11 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EC: becoming great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
ECX: We opened the transparency.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the transparency name, that happened exactly with those 7,500 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name to the name of the TED matrix of TED, the Sapling Foundation, a $7,000 check to be applied to my TED assistance next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer student is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Its greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the prevalence plant of uranium in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop used by an engineer to track this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows install.
The eye goes into the gray box, it damaged the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is demolished; mission turned.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started to research about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex at the Windows part of Windows: the installation used multiple dance vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That struck us, and we started an experiment in which we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Stanford was behaving as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And then to experiment with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say, for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we downloaded the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points to attack.
They probably even know how much the operator matches.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford install is complex and high-tech, let me tell you: the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old adviserve language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked for at the beginning were called the system functions, because we know what they do.
And then we looked for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need the theories about recipients that we could approve or defend.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent advantage, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find a number of thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bureado and the National Embassy plant.
So I said to my assistant,``A list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
He called them, and I consulted them in an effort for taking their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with the driver's control.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this rotors, you certainly can break it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and break into an obvious effort to go back crazy to maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital eye by looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the 160 number of that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifuge are built in Natasha and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 160 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that I didn't do that.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in dead ends, and we had to start back.
Yet, we found out that both digital eyes were going to only one and a goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and turning the rotors and non-profit, and the big eye communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the daunting is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We should not worry that other goals are achieved by Stuxnet.
So here's some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is intercept input values of sensors for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still runs during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, this false entry data is rewarded by Stuxnet.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed by video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not only to shine the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes through speed, you have to open up valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And the operations nor the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with embracing uranium.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a attacker -- that will design this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a machine of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we have to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been done in many sides that people assume that the mustard is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langhalma: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the mosquitoes is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's one single, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for diving . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give subjective skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair get up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics ,"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something that's put in the morning, gives one a big force, which also increases its speed, and helps it, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external beings.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on their back of a 45-year-old load, and it's being demanded to take more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Portugue Human Charles.
Soldier: With HIV exoskeleton, I can run 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in cultures to drag and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that's aging rapidly.
Their only choice, many times -- for brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start with writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM that's using Amanda Botan who is 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Box: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
You're completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft, very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, for a strange jump in the air, climbing costs down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost every feeling and everything from the pelvis down.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope for me.
The adaptation technology since then, I've allowed me to learn how to stand down in ski, climb rocks and even ride in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk with you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Arena Man festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos in Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis about this in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying guys, the Bonobo is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not yet been observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fog itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been replaced by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear laughter hiding the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``love, no war ,"because they have frequent, promising and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity's problems, because the Bonobo's life is more than the Sam Sun.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generation of diversity -- interactions of interactions, behavioral diversity, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo, you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``He's grabbing it from the balls . ''
I just think that in this case, he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like testicles and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is petrophenthy.
The game is petrochemical, it can adopt many forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- perhaps the place that awe is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who is playing with the water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to an increasingly difficult world with more creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation feed.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to leverage our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems the least appropriate, they can be the moments in which the most urgent.
So the primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and awe.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm a developing organization of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant in a voluntary firemen body.
And in our city, where volunteers come to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But still there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to charge captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, he was cooled in a conversation with the owner who certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside the rain, under a umbrella, in a pajamas, and the house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I did, let's call them Lewis Luther first to the captain, and he asked him to go in and save the dog's dog.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or money management that, during the rest of his life, I would have to say to the people who walked into a building in call to save a living being only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an admission.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go home.
I need to go up, get the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went down the stairs, at the end of the hallway, went to the real firemen, which at the end of this height, they had finished turning off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my Numbers and the precious dog in the front door.
We took out of the house the treasures for the house where, as a waiting, his treasure was much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house by expanding by the brave effort shown to save their house.
The kindness that she observed by the other was somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my vocation as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of grace and courage, at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're by getting, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have a chance to save someone's lives, but we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they get into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1865 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LGBT came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBTQ made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static brick bricks to one another to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create much bigger and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Litzurs.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lituration is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
Green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with you produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an integrated light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Litzuradios are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and fix, Litzuradios allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, it just turns this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Litzuradios is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to get to bricks ready to use.
Light, sound, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given Litus to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is, how do you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night of night works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Litus to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Litzurs as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and focus, we have Georgia creating ...
( metallic noise) ) A few weeks ago we took Litzurs to the designer school designers of Rhode Island's design school, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference cannon activated by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litzuradios became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the fingertips.
So, Litzuradals has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment by focusing on the environment.
It's distributed.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue to keep the video on the side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to tell you the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to stop; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and they would be like a Peace for Technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made big applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Your task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
This is a hydrogen of Boston City.
Here it appears as if I look at a quote, but what it really looks for is that someone clean it when it gets caught by snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered for a meter of snow.
How did he ask for help in this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Cembras for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept to clean it when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name in this case, in this case.
If you don't, somebody can rotate.
So it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads viral.
A responsibility of systems in Honolulu City when you saw this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to take a tsunami mermaid.
It's very important that these tsunami signs work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens remove the designers.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you'll know that this doesn't usually happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done it for normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that all the time has cost two million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of tape to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, an open and generative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the government's question that has new generation -- not as a problem of an analogy institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good at the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DMV and all those other things that make us crazy, the government is, essentially, in the words of Tim urine:``What we do together because we can't . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to rebuild it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government yes.
And because the government at the last point of us -- remember that from``us, the people ,"the way we think about it to affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as many people thought that the government is to choose people to take care.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, mostly, artists.
This is the center of telephone care and information.
It's the place that you see calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott attacked this call.
I entered``Zarili"at the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, you can open the doors of the house, put some good music and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the circuits.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile, called Citizens Connecticut.
We didn't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people at the New Medical Medical Office.
One day, this really happened, this question:``Zarillo in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
The Citizen Citizen dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizen Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, a neighbor saw it.
The next report said,``I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarily? Yes . Live? Yes.
I went home . I went home.
Good night, sweet arrow . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technology technology.
I'm talking about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected them with government services of necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, let's strengthen the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that belongs to us that we fund as something that operates against us, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Afghanistan movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a concerned group of citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the SETI order on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to government, it's time we ask ourselves how world we want to leave our kids.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we'll get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in the name of all?
We can't predict government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the rule of government so that it can expand by strengthening civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act a lot, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years so that I, to criminals, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to do your voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrant, pulling weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a blade inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not just consumers, we're not just a consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that: We are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voices of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching, and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that wouldn't be otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach you, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the arguments in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1848.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery shaped the way the world saw.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was a little boy, she looked at her, she came up and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, she came up and said,``Brian, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and smiled him, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she got up, and she pulled the room down, he took me out of my hand and said,``Come on, Brian . We're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mama . ''
She said,``Now make sure you won't ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said,``I want you to know that I've been watching you . ''
And I added,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my slide, and you've got to be able to always take care of it . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you're always going to do the right thing that you're going to do is, right? ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mama . So I'll do it . ''
Then, finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, Mama, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a younger year, and a single year sister.
When I was 14 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I pulled them up, grabbed me to my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just got the crazy crazy crazy.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You're following, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today I do it . And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . It takes a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What happens to you? Take a beer . ''
And he looked at me with force and went on,``Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was disappearing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying this, thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see meaning.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the ban.
My uncles died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to her, we should engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it finds so much challenge, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black ones between the 18 and 30 is in prison or in probation.
In urban communities across the entire country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the colors are in jail or in the condition.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, they provide you rights forever if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as elevated as it was before the law right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you sit down to 13 year-olds to die in prison.
We have in this prison prison country, no chance to go out.
Right now we're in some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the committed criminals?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one is identified that it's innocent and liberated from the corridor of death.
A error rate, amazing -- an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
And in aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to be able to even pilot airplanes, if every nine that they would take off, you would have a star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and he lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be released.
I worried to be bombed.
The threat of terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, makes speeches . Tell the people who stop saying that in our history we first realized with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial submarines and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us work to talk about race, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real, reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without the truth and the reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving the death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said,``You know, it's good to listen to what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said,``There's no way that with our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we would run people . ''
I thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany would run people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginal.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the devices, the ones that never get to TED.
To think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our self.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also for the convention of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us, not only in the brilliant and denominating, but also the dark and the difficult.
Vancouver Harvard, the great girl, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will to be in despair sites and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make an identity much more challenging than if we ignore these things.
We'll find it back.
I had the great privilege, being a young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women meet just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Brian, the Parks lady comes . We're going to come together to speak.
Do you want to come and hear? ''
I said,``Be ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I would go and just heard them.
It was very virtual, very lit.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park ran to me and said,``Now, Brian, I'm just that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving it my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We're trying to end up with the senses of life, without parole parole for children.
We're trying to do something about death penalty.
We're trying to reduce the population in jails.
We're trying to end the mass incarceration . ''
I gave her all my best speech, and he looked at me, and he said,``Hmm smoke . ''
And he said,``You'd end up shooting, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. chariot included, he put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we've committed.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a thief.
Even, if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that although it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illuminating, very exhilarating, we won't be judged by our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat the rich, powerful and privileged, but because of the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand truly profound topics about what we are.
In occasions, I feel delicate . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It's tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting very hard.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been made to judge them as adults.
And I start to think, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what it is not?
The judge makes it an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mechanism.
I had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the excitement, with a lovely that said,``You know,``Most my black client of 14 is treated as a 75-year-old privilege of a corporation . ''
Now, I put up that there had been an independent behavior in the accusation, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking about that inspired excitement would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, he hadn't only narrowed it, he had sent it to court.
About two months spent, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and very ugly.
I finally went down from the car . I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a larger black man; it was the council of court.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you . lawyer?"I said yes.
So I came up with me and hug me.
And I'm whispering me in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
Now, I have to tell you now that that was going.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, do you write this bear bug? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. went ."And we started discussing.
People started to get . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
They came the cops, the advanced prosecutors, the automation.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of us furious because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the boat of the eye, he went to see the advice he went and came.
I looked out the window, and I would hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, in the face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recipe.
And during the rest of the sunlight, he showed up, because the challenge had entered the room.
The assistant was advanced on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to say to this young man who keeps his view in the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
We can't really be human evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is bound to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all of all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BG: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you're going to do an effort to reinvent the funds that are spent in politics today.
For example, here in California, a billion dollars on death row, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't do in arrest.
56 percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This thought is going to propose that these funds are being destroyed to make law care, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who think that's like this?
BG: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against the property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Voice: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police dropped O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: Carrier cards . Voice 5: Modern crosses.
Announcer six: social decline . Voice 7 : 65 dead.
Voice 8: tsunami alert . Voice 9: cyberattacks.
Several businesses: War to character . massive destruction . tornado.
recession . Bank . Final justice . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could barely be from the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as we have nothing else to survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It ordered and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So of a dozen stories, we will prefer to look at the negatives.
That old adage of the press:``If there's blood, sells ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong.
But maybe not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we got distorted.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, extinction of species, water scarcity and energy; certainly we have them.
As human beings, we're very good at applying the problems and, on the long, we end up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, the average per capita income per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The magnificent markets of the past century of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately, their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in rise.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And even though he's stuck in a law on the left, it's curved up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster and faster.
And in this curve, the horses of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, natures and A.I . .
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeopardy of Watson, of IBM?
It was epic.
I looked for the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this:``Watson sells human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sinonald University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to deal with a company, or a product or service, which may affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people life.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
We can point out a dozen companies today that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and to make it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Sir.
The Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth the gold and the dish.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, even though the aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was descendant.
We project this analogy into the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 every 80 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but of access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generated : 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have plenty of energy as well, we have water abundance.
Let's talk now about war wars.
Remember when Carl Sagan was pointing the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . What was called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes , 95 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
Neurotic comes, nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators in the bike -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do that -- his technology called Skype You probably already know it about the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any salt water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
Now, the president of Coca-Cola just agreed that to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have full confidence that this will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2660 countries.
This is an innovation enabled by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of counting a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars, HDI video, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnosis technology now developed and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications are happening.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Russian Foundation, something called the X Ramon Trick Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and since it has A.I, they can bear, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win, you have to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morality load is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that doesn't recognize, call the heart of health and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never heard that they join the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What will you consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will be healthier thanks to Triangelo, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health?
How about the voices never heard before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Flock.
It emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me enormous confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the birth of the broccoli.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that we're going to get to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the body of departure.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
Maybe they believed that I would chase fish, but it didn't.
They actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as``common . ''
It was the grouper.
I took it a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and elsewhere, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the displacement of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and as you can see, some mangroves.
There were pilots of about 20 centimeters, the black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved.
They mature the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was accessible in the introduction of artificial fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, and I did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that had 100,000 fishermen already to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Mutawan Four.
I went out in fishing on him, and we did studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the Java of Java.
What we captured was an amazing thing.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are coral reefs.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid coral fund, in this case, to be a lunch.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They dismissed them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't still drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where you never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the starting point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, the amount of colors, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extraordinary forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the sound of change.
And at the end of the end, I'll keep some remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before we get extinct, is unusual.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose rare animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unusual because we fish them.
Over time, we have a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some present, such as a captain so that you see a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or usually they don't use the scientists in fish, because it's not``scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in reverse societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We're going to take a look at the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has gone down and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides, which allows them to erase their starting point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema might fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that the nuances and the wholeness are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- without talking about the story of Pacifical, why would you move with images?
Because it evolves something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron,``Avatar II"underwater underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alice, YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why the videos are becoming viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper nerve in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can get famous on the Internet in a gut.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage becomes viral, it gets infinite of visitors and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, community care and surprise.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Vasa: Oh my God, God me.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ooh, wow!!
KA: Last year, Ben Vailance published this video film outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular rise of the past summer.
Beau is not meant to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Yosemite Mountain Bean.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimma.
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that would kick the video to the popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimma presents us, and they present us new and interesting things and encourage them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . Everyone wants it to be the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . I'm starting Friday . KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"by Rebecca Blackmore is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like``Double rainbow double ,"this video seemed to have gone out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Toyother and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Missouri Science Theater, was one of the first people to do a joke about video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great inner joke then start talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 prisoners on``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the U.S. century entertainment, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with that.
\" Nice Cat"is a repetitive animation with a chord music.
So that's it.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was remix.
Somebody made a version to the old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix arose that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Double rainbow"or Rebelliora Black or``Niger Cat"?
What would guide have been written to contemplate this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the hives to cyclists in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nicello: I was struck by not circular for genomics, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by biochemical.
KA: Thank you the surprise and his humor, Casey Nice managed five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth the new thing we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vasade: What does this mean?
Ooh.
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators, creative creative communities, which is completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the ones of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique and freedom hope of his country.
Imagine it while the communist comes in in Santa, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, are now broken.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to shut up, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to dawn quietly into the sea.
My mother, Mao, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was inconceivable for her who couldn't do it.
And after a four years that it challenges fiction, a boat sliding into the disguised sea of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a frame with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, and he's able to dive into each wave, and the horizon horizon and empty.
I don't remember the pirate pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to grow for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were demanding in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forbean, a classroom suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in February, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the prefrontal English fragments were changed between people who had a common thing: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree at IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutoring in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing on the``random eyes ,"and some graffiti:``Asian, come home . ''
A house, where?
Something in me went down.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get them up . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, every boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be a status and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and inflational, and traumatized boys trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
centers were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic, classical Asian student, which I was demanding with myself.
In the other, I was locked in precious lives, tragically hurt by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australia of the year.
And I was wired from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, I read Fortune's anonymous, it was now so much, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remove the routines and the comfort of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting about the day of each one and staying asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got on the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make me ,"he said,``You're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and desperation to marginalized and desperate.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was requested to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of possible.
And even though I ended up my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new thing on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that I'm grateful to, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is broken, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an optimistic optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for who the slogan``can't do it"was an irresistible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, it made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until well in the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I made the decision to move the United States.
It's after one trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a grant of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
No support of her husband, he caused a shrink to sue it and bringing the cause herself, and much more reveal when I won.
He can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to get fired.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in February, and we sat around their coffin.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
They have not used it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily invented.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about ship.
Who could wish that for me?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in their lives, submitting brave in every wave, the improbable rate of the engine, the vast horizon that wouldn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it safe, I would.
Trade Nelson, and also the mother of that today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, the Sufi singer Sudan Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel on a car and we climb the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And at that time, when I went out, the great Indian warrior prince, he had thirst, pulled out a bow and a flow to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
I felt a little bit more time.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an dusk if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As my grandfather, my grandfather gave me his player of pocket.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a dog door to a world full of images and pirates and nanomars in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
It's our inspiration.
So I fell down to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative of narrative capable of connecting to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we.
I'll bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes more and more multicellular.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khybook, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
At several times, it gets a cart -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, those ideas that we've opened with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they illuminate your path in what it remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was that a whole galaxy fits in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I dragged towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every book of fantasy, there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, fluid and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at once contemporary.
These are the applause here.
We've all heard about the fairy and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the appearances?
These poor apartments have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia, in an old, moist book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And by talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, stuck to their PCs, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, guards and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're trying to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow it up so you can read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology close to each other.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Radio University was to give a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and acquaintances,``What happens? ''
\" How can we help? ''
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi scholar . It's a very simple thing.
He has a piece of light.
Every morning I go up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put up the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which it needs cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect me to my Wi-Fi scholar, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Life, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little manuscript connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the cost of the cost care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Maca.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest EEG to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we do the crowdsource in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public that,``If you see a DNA, please show you, give you where, and when it's open, sometimes you open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees, they were introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Ladi, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in Maca City and somebody collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next week to use their Microsoft cell to find the CEO closer, what can save lives.
And from today, I wanted to present this one, not just like DNA Four, which is the name of the product, but also like SABC.
And we would like to start it globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA crossing around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapses, you can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I'd also like to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DES.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but taking control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it``photography? ''
Because of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
It was mixed with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little different because by using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a picture with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the point.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Pictures like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realism, I say photographic.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's got more to capture an idea to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details or the colors?
Does it intervene the light?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, which we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think it's those that we don't even think about, things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to think about it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images, they have these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
You might think that this is a picture of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even did the house of the top of the island so that it would seem more Sweden.
So to make a realistic result, I think it makes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm going to start a slide on technology, very boring.
If you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as many of us that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Speaking of semi-and-a-half technology is a new thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because I would write on paper.
Why do we map technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to plot, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a psychiatric curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gets a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation advanced as fast as the microprocessor, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move at that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a feedback growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things happened.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this happen.
So now we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
What new state is the world headed?
Transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because it's all going to be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we looked at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 million years when Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way that these chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating an oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet would contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divided, they had an unequal distribution of chemicals that contain.
So every slide was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow had been defined by being better than the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals -- they grow more chemicals and they divide more chemicals.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these goals learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 machine dust mechanisms trying to hide the airport people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all of the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was an egg, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big interesting step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming that cell communities.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synergy.
So they survived or failed together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were being replicated more and fascinated by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures, they didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the structures responsible to record, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these processing structures of information that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those structures of information to fully accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm here sitting here emitting some groups, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confusing idea in his heads that I saved certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
We now move through similar periods of multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CDC and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information.
And that confers us to something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Titan in which I produced certain evolution with the Convention program, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is feedback; I suppose you're the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we looked at in this curve explosion.
We see the process is feedback.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I job to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transistor on that computer machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Theory males, we think a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with it does something that couldn't be done, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instruction sequence.
We said,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, run all those programs, and take those that more likely to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that the random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could play two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We walk those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And we're going to reproduce them by following a process of reconciling analog to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which are cheating children, which are surviving business, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Calculating again.
So some mutations introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and repeated with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient than the ones that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, strange programs.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of thousands of programs that made it.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
Once I was going in a 747 with Martin Minister, and he takes a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster.
So it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all of these technologies are feedback.
We're taking off.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We're the amoeba, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the inflection point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever is coming.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get rid.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been able to take enough time to allow me to be able to get part of my false bias on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series is approaching.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out``Ruminate the rules"-- talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery.
And we talked about 300, from a battle that battery 300.
That means that the battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know what they call a 300 boat in the Grand League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what you call a 400 baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody from 10 hits, up to four.
legendary -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Bible League player in running more 400 strokes in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world in medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you've got appendicitis, and they're derived to a surgeon who also has a 400 percent record.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place, and a dear being has two obstacle arteries, and their family doctor is given to a cardiologist whose record in solitary is 200.
But you know something?
She's getting better at this year.
They've been 250.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or prosthetic or a nurse or a genocide observer?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the ones of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send the world, and it included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
And never, ever, they commit a mistake and a chance to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I had when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood exam.
So what.
I studied in my little slide, in the nurses of the General Hospital nurses, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
Of my kind of anatomy, I memory the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the digital diagnosis and the usual.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney application.
And in the meantime, more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And they come from the medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is what I'm imagining about mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Muslim lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto when they brought to the Rockefeller lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned by the cardiology service.
And when emergency emergency requested, I was able to go to that patient.
And it will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Rockefeller, I was running.
I heard a resolution sound.
And when I got it, I heard a sound sound on both sides, which gave me a freezing heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did, and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him a diagnosis, pills of water, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that was when he made the first mistake; he sent her home.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't get the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and talk to him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring the information together.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even connecting my boss.
The second mistake that ate was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . You don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Argus,``You think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my work.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something that I don't normally do.
I spent the emergency service on the way home.
And there's another nurse, not the one who's cared about Mr. Arctic before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear it as well, but there's a particular particular particular, and that is that we see patients fleeting.
The three words are: Remember you?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of having reached his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the paradigms brought it to emergency with a 30-year-old blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and rocked to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy, and he hoped against all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go . Mrs. August, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the malaria shame that exists in our medical culture, and I sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that error.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very badly.
It's what we're telling us not that we did is wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I had the things and I made sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking me those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat such a dumb mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly, that feeling was discipling.
And I started to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was replacing the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And that was.
I went back to work.
But it happened again.
Two years later, I was advised in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little bit colored.
He got penicillin and sent him home.
But while he ran to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to speak with me quietly in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember?
Does it remember the patient he saw for a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back and didn't have an attitude framework.
It had a potentially deadly approach called Epilike.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, failed.
He was advising antibiotics, and he recovered at a few days.
And through the same period of shame and representations, then I was relieved and went back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Twice in the same set of urgency, not discipline.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a shock.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
You order a X-ray of kidneys, but it turned normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diarrhea.
I read liquid to reframe and I asked my colleague to check it.
He checked it, and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they were recovered well.
But every case I got attacked, I was devastated.
But I'd like to tell you that I committed the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a crap.
The most significant people have been for the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them to make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I wouldn't have any idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't listen to somebody talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew, and my colleagues also, that a transformation in my hospital was assuming the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that don't know, and the ones that have a little bit of a result of results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take medicine to the people who make mistakes, we have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical professors and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article that I wrote for Toronto Star to my program:``White Coa, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or device is not right . In a system where the insurgency infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 channels die for avoided medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about raw undergraduates, because we're not designing the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get updated.
The privacy of sleep investments everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest in the chest, come crazy with the eyes, and with alcohol with alcohol, and suddenly my story is approaching.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars, they don't relate their symptoms always the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as we were taught, and we eliminate all of the professional people in error, well, no one is going to be.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``White Ellank, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everyone, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah blah, blah, blah, blah,``What are your mistakes?"And he would
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would go down their head and they would swallow saliva and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefining doctor is human, they know human, they accept it, and they don't get proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals other people's mistakes not with intent to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system, and when this happens, they commit errors every once in when.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefining doctor.
I'm a human.
And I'm so sorry, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick a average American, about 70 a day.
Not very much ago, in a research research for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are triggered by these executives, and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, it's 135 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of disciplines.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of the time?
How does the way they handle those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choice to the choice overload.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
So as I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please, you give a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
To be a graduate student at Stanford University, it frequencies this very, very high level of level, at least at least in that time, it was very sophisticated.
It was called Drawin's.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the embryonic water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion I asked me, why never bought anything?
This is the olive oil shelf.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed boxes that come from millennials.
I decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Does this strategy work to offer all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that come every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the meters.
hallway.
They had 148 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right at the input.
We put out six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case people were willing to stop testing the stream?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a grocery task.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy mere.
Those who stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought former.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy metal if they found six.
Well, deciding that we don't buy it probably makes us, at least, it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hubble, I heard Ramon and Wei Jane, where we looked at decisions on saving savings for about a million Americans, between about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in salary savings plans, the 404 program, developed people to save the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 686 plans that were going from two, up to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that on the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as I wanted to.
And on the plans that they offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were included by avoiding actions or investment funds.
In how much more options were, they were more willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you make the decision, that you apply the decision when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions and finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're objectively better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and stream, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've been testing, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is Curtan.
You heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always annoyed when I say,``cutting . ''
They worry about losing space in the basement.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, get out of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, going down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Schools to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Golden Catter removed the products for cats that are less sold, they increase the uses in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and fewer costs.
You know, the supermarkets of today, on average, offers 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the world today is Alice, and it's only offering 1,400 products, a kind of stick tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle choices is David Labaran's name, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask the employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you can't do it . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking with Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vacation with all paid on the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
( So few applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I actually had to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, that in the second, but I can go ahead and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to deal with the problem of choice overload, which is concrete.
So people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and the consequences have to feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people saving more.
We did a study with Shoo Benjamin and Ashlven foresaw, on the working of the officials who worked in India, and these people were in a meeting where they were associating a 404 plan.
At that meeting, we created exactly how it was used, we did a little addition.
What we added was that we took the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the opening of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classification.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that at the Western supermarkets, it's along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 330 different types, until 66.
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewels of jewelry.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Swiss . ''
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is Jackie, you give a pat.
( Sort of applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Swine, you give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out that it's right.
The one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Swine, but, you know?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to whoever chooses, not to define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
I suspect who they're informing?
My fourth category: Condot complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision; I buy it from a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to personalize it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that each one.
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box; four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes , 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always active by the default button in every decision, it indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to little options, opposed the button by default over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of changes, I'm not saying anything about the preferences of interior decoration, anyway, you're ready to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice of choice: cutting, eliminate strange alternatives -- concrete, making it real, classify, we can handle more categories with less choices; to condition complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who they serve.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the East Communication Germany, if you had a typewriter, you should register it to the government.
You had to record a text sheet of an example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think somebody could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer, and you print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that makes them own you and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to hurt a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can aggregate the attacks on their attacker.
There are three main groups.
They are cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golbais from the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The cellphone cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money, lots of people.
There are really many cases of online millions online, billionaires, who won money with their attacks.
This is Vladimir TaskRabbit, from Istanbul, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gene.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bert Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Taylor Alice etc., etc., etc.
These guys are doing their online fortune, but they do it by illegal means through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or they steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain walks up; his stop.
And I say today, it's more likely that any of us is a victim of a cybercrime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we observe today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate them, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have discarded in the last 12 months occupying a role that's laid out in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do that to protest and the last group are national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Digness.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Dinosaur is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Declared the last fall because of a shot.
They had the security of the site and performed a cyber.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found a death of people because of the attack to Dianner.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of a attack of these?
Dinosaur is a critical authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificates serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with data, services encrypted SL, services like Gmail.
Except that they're interacting a foreign feature authority authority.
And they emit apparently conversations.
And in the case of Dignotina happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder called``FAA . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a firm company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tool to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago was found South Africa -- a train used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is built.
They're going to use tools like the Sputnik Prostate to infect our computer with a transit to allow them to see all communication, and listen to the arguments online, to get our data.
When we think carefully in things like these, the obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen . ''
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the privacy.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're doing today, it will be forever.
Are we going blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
Nairobi's National Park has close to the most part of the south, which means wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and so we value it so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from the age of six to nine, is responsible for their father's livestock, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were scared.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because I even helped lions see the state of far.
I didn't give up . continued.
A second idea was to use a sandwich.
I was trying to trick lions to believe that he was near the stable.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the shadows, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with an torch, and that day, lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to see and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I admire everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small box . I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes light melt.
As you can see, the bulbs give out, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how lions see when they come from night.
The lights destroy and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking around the shelf, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators as hyena, leopard, and also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of Kenya's best schools, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a kid at the meadow of the savanna, holding my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes flying, and I told me that someday I would be inside one.
And today I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come on airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ah, I hear that, which my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turkey: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA: One close electric?
RL: I know that close electric fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: You've tried it once, right? And you -- LT: I tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calm . CA: On the canyon . Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you know, my friend.
Thank you very much . RL: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called``No envy . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Idio's story, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Even though I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and myself had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
And he said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're reconcided together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
An lifeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child climb in his arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine would rise to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during famine and only few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me, I was completely in the dark except by the lights in the sea in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Armstrong River, which serves of limits between North and China.
As you can see, river can be very angulation at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea came out, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and they were interested in the police station.
Someone had been accused by being normal, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and deported.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another,``This was a fake report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans weren't lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or public executed.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, the whole world can be taken in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
On South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but inside, we've become very different from 67 years of division.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I deaf or a normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Although adapting to life in South Korea wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the university exam at university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alarming.
The North Korea authorities were involved in the money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a distant location outside.
They had to flee immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances along the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I fell into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of Chinese police.
He asked everybody's identification and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was driven by my family, and I said that they were deaf people who was running.
I was suspicious, but fortunately I thought.
We did all the way to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and harnessed by crossing the border illegally.
After I paid strangers and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Ross capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was confined in a short distance from the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or further.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without hesitation, the man went to the ATM, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and take them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the Norwegian people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown slice symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the Norwegian people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, the practices of the English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Central.
This is Central Central: literacy stores, fast food, bullets.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if it would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles: literature shops, fast food, bullets.
Just like 27 million other Americans, live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The kicker is that the places of food to bring more people killed more people than the car in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you leave home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs bought and sold as cars used.
I see hundreds of dialysis centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
It also stops me to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land sliver we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes in, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, together and we started to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group that's paid by the gardeners of all the procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came on top of me, and in summary gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the quote became a court order.
And I said,``Come on, right?
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody matters?"So it was like,``Well, let's get it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Locke, and he talked to the mainland and one of Green Groups members, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My consciousness even called to say they were back and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balls.
It's got 68 miles of ball terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of heads will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Crues your own food is like printing your own money.
You'll see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
It refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You'll see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Like a graffiti artist, which would be walking walls, I would get landscapes, gardening.
I use the garden, the land, like a canvas, and the plants and the trees, they're my emperor of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do, if they let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became a tool of education, the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do, especially in an urban.
Also, they get strawberries.
And I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like the 1630s at night and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very closely.
I mean, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I told them, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I was so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear that people will steal your food? ''
So what I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it . ''
So that's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to take your health back . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a desperate shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared my stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed it, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like 50 people who come, work and participate, all of them in voluntary plan.
If kids grow poetry, kids will eat.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if none of these are taught, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people who put them in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in . I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are engaged with their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
The next George Washington Carroa is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people working, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological, germ, germ gardeners.
We have to change the script of what a germ is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a germ.
That the investors take their bill . OK?
That's his weapon of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Marcus noises) ) picked up of the microwave) probably everyone will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you stick.
And especially if you go into your bicycle, and these automobiles go, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can go through it, so all the rainwater flows down to the sides and will have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't blow water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to get up? See that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that . But they can give you your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Bach, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can see the damage in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a small amount of tape between the stones.
Because of the incentive, to the ultraviolet light, to the rusty, this adult, this bat, the glue between the rivers, will meet, and if it gets together, they will be made microscopes and separated from the added.
So if you drive through the road, you'll get the added -- like we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of authority materials.
If we can make this material go out, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can use steel wool, that to clean up satellites, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an induction machine.
The induction can heat, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you've got to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these micro-controllers and the stones will look back into the surface.
I used a microwave oven today, because I can't bring the big information machine here on stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take now to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried many samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the anti-control highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them later with our identity machine and we repair them and we test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy for, actually, increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this works also.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to confront first before you can show the repair.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the plane in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in her face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who I could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that it would seem like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total increase of a remote province from Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated him.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this was the first of his whole family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
For the years of Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, don't you want to continue? ''
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bacteria, and if my family hadn't been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I'm here proud to graduate at Mediteria College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not just taking care of my university degree, but I was also the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I took it driving down the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1850, a global campaign to educate women.
It's because of what CO2, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
It's less than a month ago, he and his daughter were on the way from SOPA to his village, and literally, they escaped being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warned him that if you kept sending his daughter to school, you'll try it again.
\" Look at me already, if you want ,"he said,``I won't damage the future of my daughter for your old and rejected ideas . ''
What I've noticed of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, that behind most of those who we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school are a hundred -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
The Americans see the fragility of changes.
I'm afraid these changes don't last much, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that animals, I see a promise future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the SOLE girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, resist Gaddafi . Struggle against him.
But you never become a Gaddin style . ''
They've spent almost two years since the civil revolution inspired by the surge of massive mobilization, both the Tunisian Revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other linear citizens, inside and out of the country to call a front day and start a revolution against the Guardicability regime of Gaddafi.
And we did; it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom rates, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to explore the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and search seeds.
For four decades, the theater regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the Libya society.
Consciousness of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, next to many other women, rebuild the civil civil society, providing an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They set up about 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triplet-triplet.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with unique enthusiasm, began to organize workshops about capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Platform of Women Libya for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the prehistoric period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moving from the political and exclusion policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the elation of elections and revolution as an everything, they were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day, the news is the news of the American ambassador and the consultant attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the ambition of the military.
And every day, each day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violations of human rights from prisoners and their lack of respect from the law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is polarized more, and it's gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the success of the``brutal list"and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The brutal list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both by men and women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus creation more than what elections needed, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like outrage agents and calling a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not just honor, but it also puts the mercy in practice instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, including instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, spread by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that's about interruption and otherness between female perspectives and males.
That's the real cream.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a version of the Koran``Salaam"-- peace --``is the word of Mission, Ross, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``drama ,"which is known in all the Armani traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``drama"-- the workforce, symbolic the feminine and material, which embraces all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the towns have been pregnant.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion needs all existence.
This is what we're saying,``My mercy sucks all things . ''
This is what we're saying,``My mercy predicts about my anger . ''
All of them are considered the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody's doing: Why does she stay?
Why would anyone stay with a man who sticks him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just been licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Seventh magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green goal, American expressions, and had a very large secret.
My secret was that many, many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, pointed my head with a gun, loaded with straight bullets.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun on my head and threat to kill me more times I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, a love designer, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA at Washington Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for``Fortune 500"companies, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burne and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black book, and I drive a minister Hong Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions, all levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent, long-term relationships, or, in the families, the last place where we would want or expect to find violence -- reason why, domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who sticks him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States women who are 16 and 24 have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York, and he started to sign me with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been licensed from a university of the India Leader, and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most of that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had a little bit of big arrows like apples, and a wheat robot hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it above the beginning putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved it all about me: he was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, and I put a passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done.
And that was why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I went together Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, who was entering a head on a physical trap, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react.
And that's where those gun comes in.
As soon as we move to New England, you know, that site where Congo had to feel so safe to buy three guns.
One was in the glove of the car.
Others kept it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that I lived of small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns were actually a message for me and, even though I had never raised my hand, my life was actually in the danger of every day.
The first physical attack in Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was the seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend from my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted me too.
And I was very, very regret.
It just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never hurt me.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I wrote several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was abused by the traffic and I would put a Big Mac cold cold.
Congo kept getting one or twice a week over the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a profoundly trained man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his demons.
The other question that everybody does is: Why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that you normally ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has ended up at the end of the relationship, after they get off, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the abuse has gone back to married, denies of financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not oversight with the man who he pasted their mother.
And we still wondered why doesn't it just go?
And I was able to go, because of a last legal feminist I sold my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours for staying ,"as if the victims will be able to intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I heard hundreds of stories of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and they recorded their lives, joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a tender and loving man, and we have those three children.
I have that black book, and I have that miniature.
What I won't have again, ever again, is a charged gun pointing to my head in someone who says I want me.
Right now, the same thing, they're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what stupid it was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people that are listening to me right now, who are being battered, or that they were a little bit of a subject, or that they are abuse.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
We victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the malaria out to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow down their scale and show the victims a safe salt.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this moment there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed that way . luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it appeared, they don't have to leave it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so they do nothing while you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me to draw the back and raise the hair's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though it's shallow and unchanging, has a big impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my work sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sense.
The first question is, how do you become a model?
And I always say,``A machine discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we also associate it to a high and elegant figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage I've been able to tap to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say -- wait . There are Naomi, Toronto, Joan Simpass, Liu Went.
First of all, I'm happy to know so much about models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every model in the runway, and the 67 models hired, only 27, is to say less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get sick of that.
But then what really would tell you every one of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja, citizen circuit surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of reduction of the American Video magazine, or the CEO of H & M or the next Steven Meijeria.
Saying you want to be a model like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiovascular surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``Modern clothing for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos are retrospected.
And yes, they're practically retrofitted all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
So I look at my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a package party a few days before the photos for the French volume.
Here I am with my football team and I was in the V magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, hair, makeup, photographers and styles, and all their hearts and property people, and they managed to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free?
I have too many 20 inches, and I never use, except the pair before, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a little driver; he jumped a red in red, and, of course, they stood up, and I'm sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for my aspect, not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers that I stood in and record , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't a question of me standing?
And when?
By research for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: What is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: if you're a little bit thinner, and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, which I've never said before them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever wonder, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will it be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin, the most bright hair and clothes, but it's probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But most of all, it was hard to analyze a racial and gender and gender situation when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to take away from this talk, I hope you're all feeling more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who pulled them out.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no chance to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most people took random tourists.
My story begins when, finding myself in New York City to give a performance, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take me to Save to New York on a peaceful trip and continue the ritual?
So here's when we started to ask the tourists that they were going to take us out.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever denied and, fortunately, no one has ever heard of the camera.
At the time, we weren't aware of how much life is going to change us.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
It's also a way to stop time in an October week and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not just physical level, but in all the senses.
Because although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed a red wheel from the wrist store that I had a little bit of before.
And he described what had felt at five standing at the same place.
He said that he remembered his heart palm with force when I first saw that place nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one who brings the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't go to somebody and ask you, do you get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Buildings are in the most threatened birds group.
First, why do they have such bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter as characters, single, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and claims, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But it doesn't accept it.
Don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean.
It's hardly moving . They're far away from extinct . And, my favorite, the divers have better presence . There are two kinds of diving on this planet.
There are the New World business that are primarily found in America, like cars and snails, and the Old World's divers, where we have 16 species, of these 16 , 11, they face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the divers important? First, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They wipe the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that would not be for them and cause large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no divers, the carcasses take three to four times longer to decompose, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
Buildings also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
Newboar was the symbol of the protective and the maternity, and along with the copper, they symbolizes the unit between the Alto and the United Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Katie was the god burning, and he risked his life to save the Singapore of 10 Rabbis heads.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important lines are done in the open sky, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these divers provide a natural elimination system.
What is the problem with the bus?
We have eight species of bus in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . Patent communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the divers are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are in the endangered endangered list, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Decode.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there's no booms, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the networks of caves, and when you have a street dogs, you have a huge range of time for rage . The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 353 processors are going to be up from Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind power, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trading trade to serve the barrier and the fictional market.
So what's being done? Okay, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the divers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can they help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very underground creatures, donate their time to spread the word . spreading the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll report on the bus, but you talk to their families, with your children, with your neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
So, since 1971, to 1977, young lights, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we were playing with.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Zambin waves ,"was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Zimbabwe River, and we teach local and warming tomatoes, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes, they didn't run . We were amazed that local people, in so fertile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Just in time to save the people from Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the maggots,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the maggots,``Oh my God, we hated them! ''
And the windows said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You . I never asked . ''
I thought only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothalamus.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we beat people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Help Death . ''
The book was published in 2009.
We -- Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Long from an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colony missions, and we treat people only in two ways: or patterns, or we're patriarchals.
The two words come from the Latin Patent root, which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patrioting, I treat any one of a different culture like my kids .``I want a lot . ''
sponsors, I treat all of the culture in a different culture like my servant.
That's why white people in Africa are called``Bangladesh ,"chief.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schudwic, who said all over economic development, if people don't want to be helped, they're alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said,``Can you be able to imagine a city that's not neurological? ''
I decided at the age of 27 only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Food where you never started, you never start, but you're never going to be a serious of the local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut down.
It's never coming to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once to get to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the business family of the business, which sits with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to earn life.
I started this as a test in Hope, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to move away from this independent garbage that we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that? ''
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very hard.
And I went down and listened to them ."So -- Then the government says,``Make it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dr., one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed out at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Fromb was philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dr. says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most savvy people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to close to conversation with you.
You have to offer comfort, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
So what do you introduce more this morning?
Passionate local people . That's what you've applaud.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial, fossil fossil revolution, manufacturing -- and from time to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
And the train as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
Do the government? Forget it.
It's going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's a nice story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1960.
And in 1960, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was together: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already moving in dung . So, in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would be able to bring New York's life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, they appeared 100,000 auto manufacturing companies , 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, shocks, factories in parking places.
Debater, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
And first, you have to offer you confusing.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth about how to work.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things, really, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count a fantastic marketing, and you have to count a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This has not yet been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was initiated by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in computers, on bars next to their dedicated people who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't make a lot of knowledge, even though we're sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-assembly, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we attend and ask more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs today and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadow to love and drunk and gentlemen for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans, and the city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of American properties.
I live close to this house and thought about how I could turn it into a rather nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody whom I loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude over time.
It gave the significant things to my current life.
But I managed to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget the really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, they transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant blackboard and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die, I want...''
So the tracks could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged for piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit down on the line of a date change . ''
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
Before I die, I want to embrace it again . ''
Before I die, I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
So this abandoned space came into constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, they smashed me up, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scalable ways, and it's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit, and now they have been dead in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking, or even thinking, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
remix is 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Red knows what love is.
It's incredibly shared by what happens.
It's not adult . It doesn't look at the skin color.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember, reminds me of one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's very good-looking.
It holds the most unlikely memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when each of the songs came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I hit my arm during the first episode of TVs and the Laden Gaga birthday.
You don't look amazing?
But most people disagree.
And, in fact, because their minds are not adjusted to the concept of normal society, often are ignored and misunderstood.
But what drives my heart and strengthened my soul was, even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it becomes a different way, from there that remix is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that are faster increases in the world, there is no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months spent, I realized that he was different.
I scream a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
He lived and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in line around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the booms, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Now, normal passes the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit a single thing to Rome and Sam and you, they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the moment we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that must have been Alice in the wonders of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . It really, scared of these students with her great minds, their big books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when she fell out of the rabbit of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just sat down when I had those conversations with students, and they surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please fill them with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer: and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just to study the jobs, but they study the jobs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
You can say,``Space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're ways to deceive and excite with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the``bullet . ''
They've wondered why they're called bullets? What do bullets do? bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this film of General Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the jobs is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some keys that can help the others open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all the media, you get them to simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire English Dictionary is``self-controller . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``synapses"means``dishonest politician . ''
Although there was an 18th-century newspaper editor who defined it much better when he said,``A synagogue's that you're looking for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it for the mere use of a restricted verb . ''
I have no idea what it means restrictive . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1777 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Crevils, who was faced with Parliament.
They put him in the London Tower, and they were incarcerated, but he had the enough courage to face them, and eventually he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase,``Thirty like the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a freedom of speech freedom.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want them back to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some people wanted to call it``Washington Spoke ,"and others,``His Alter George Washington ,"and other``The U.S. liberties of the U.S. People in America . ''
Not very backward.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was about quality.
And it wasn't even a mouse, and they had the idea that one could be elected King for a certain deadline.
And I could have served.
Everybody gets immensely tired, because this debate was projected for three weeks.
I read a poor senator day, and I always wrote,``I still with this topic . ''
What caused the portrait and the cost was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to become power.
They didn't want to call him King for whether he was giving him or his successor.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more insignificant title, and more calm it came up with.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It exists before, but it just meant``someone who presents a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gratification than the term``foreman"or``survivor . ''
There were events of small colonial tools and government fractions, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate was opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign diagnoses . ''
\" And who will take seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as American president? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite as far as I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never reinforced the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 223 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has led to the title of grandies.
So eventually I won the Senate.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concept of the Senate, the appearance appearance -- well, it was a singularity at the time.
But, you know how many nations are now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the representatives chamber lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is really changing the words that what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mind of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of underwater bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that catch of both of these strands and stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I'm wearing a cheap light of red light attached to the head with this sandwich elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that one meter, that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I slipped my hand, and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before, who lost control and fell in countless feet in that pump.
While I'm talking to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risk their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I walked out of that hole and went home, but they might never, because they're the prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a French integration, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking about me, I was honestly ashamed of ignoring this authority of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made a knot the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Derek director and offer it my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I'll sell the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the treatment of translational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of a $50,000 today.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations for $18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than $13 billion per year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find that they're forced to work without payment, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists in most of the world and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the holes of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dan.
immersed in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy handful of dust planted mechanically bricks in their heads, up to 18 at a time, and they take them from the ardent furnaces to trucks that are in hundreds of meters.
Disappearing through monkey and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe desktop would make that pee quite intrigued.
And so penicillin was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it and, sitting there, thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the abuse he was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, you don't do it . You don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on France and work in the system for their release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the kids who charge them and children hold them into their heads with homemade straps made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to preserve something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without paying, because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were recovering their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When we hear the word slavery, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, I was warned that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was used to women who had previously been sexual slave.
I was driven by some analog stairs that gave this dry basement, of dim light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restricting, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where women's slaves with their girls and children, some of them just seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each place is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomimicry and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
At the time of February, I remember a sense of a hot acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be to be stuck in that hell.
I just had a exit: the stairs where I walked in.
There was no backyard.
There were no windows big enough to climb.
Those people don't have a statistician, and because we touch a subject so difficult, it's important to point that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that often relate to labor labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
Now, the third hands of black are from the father, the third blue and red, of their children.
They mix tons in these big barrels and dip silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the dye is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, I can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fisherman family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, don't make sense?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their trafficked, disappeared and forced families to work on these boats in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; it's subject to its little canoe.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of trees submerged in the Village lake often catch networks and children, fatigue and fear, get thrown into water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee, and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it's often treat the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At the night, cold and windows.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fisherman village.
I met it in a shelter in which I lost the Save, release victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving by a road in Ghana with Spring's partners, a consumer consultant with his motorcycle suddenly speed up our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it by a way to the forest.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed out this path barely visible and said,``This is the way, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down, we took the doors that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was bound by the recent rains, so I put the photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the sort of way ended up obviously in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everyone was full of enslaved workers.
Many women had children tied to their back and, while they were looking for gold, they were walking in water poisoned.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy fur bags that then will be transported to another area where they're going to kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full strong, strong men, but, if we look closer, to the margin we see the other fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and for mercury in a few years.
This is Man . When he died his father his uncle led him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherited the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and, however, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even like this, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like France, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a very respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to get testimony of them, and we'll make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in whom you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will come up with a fire, and that fire would shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a math app, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'll try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We're delighted by the viruses of the ballet and the circulation dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Starling, who, in his time, was a virtuous ballet dancer.
In the last few years, a lot of treatment has been progress.
However, there are 6.5 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, transparent, stiffness, other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we'll know if there is really a cure to be when we have a target, objective metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
It wouldn't be personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars to the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a way not conventional to try, you see, in a sense at least, we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Starlison.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as sounds like talking, and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The Familia, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about the time he takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as well as Parkinson affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of irregular tremor of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and spilling after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
Both of them are skillful . Okay, but also, in voice exams are not specialized.
I mean, they can be self-assembled.
They're done very quickly, they take about 30 seconds.
And we all know what happens.
Now, when something takes a cost so low, it appears on massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistics of patients.
I wouldn't be missing to go to the clinic for routine check.
With a high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive reconciliation of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, cheese failures on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps today in that sense, we're launching the vocal Initiative of Parkinson.
Together to Acumen and Palestinians, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local accessible lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who?
What will you get from these samples?
Max Mitchell: Yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
BL: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for climate factors to search for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MK: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Ashanis, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network as well, which applies the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
Before March , 2011, made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make models even thinner, even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticize in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans Volvas, he was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13th of May traveled to Oklahoma.
It's a small film village located in the pressure of India of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by wave.
The water level got over 24 feet tall and over three miles inland.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take rubble from channels and the cards.
We cleaned up schools . We took out the mud and leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, appropriate, power of the local factory.
We got ourselves and loved.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and SETI cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You'll pick them up and take them to different places of people around to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those photos represented an enormous part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they came from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village education center.
It helped clean the computer bathrooms, huge, giant batteries.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the exploration center collects photos.
And they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going to go through my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years, some of them were still on the top of the lab, and I couldn't stop thinking as a retrofittion how to fix that trait and repair that drug and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try it.
So we started taking the pictures.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too embarrassed, but where the water had declared the face of the girl, I had to get a lot of precision and delicate.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the strange photo.
Over time time, they came for the most photos, and they needed more markers, so I entered Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Remorus, a neighboring town north of Yemen.
Once we were using our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the desire of the photos.
It could be an hour . I could be able to involve weeks.
It could implement months.
This Kingaman had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures plunged in saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of them together with the time step continue to destroy them, so you clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless I was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleanliness.
We count the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even more photos already.
As Windo once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
She had started to clean them up, but it stopped when they realize that the dances even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we were able to put the images into one photo and take the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from their husband found photos in a fire station between the rubble, far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the superintendent of closing the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
Their little kids, not so small, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
It took him a week to find all his family and know that they've all survived.
The day he handed her pictures her son, his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could look back at, something that he could remember from the past that I wouldn't have been marked by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers, they had joined us to there Hans hundreds of them helped us clean up over 15,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the vast majority came back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us return back to 90 hundred and a hundred hundred and a half photos and so forth.
During this time, we don't really spend more than $1,000 equipment in teams and materials, most of them in print.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
Over this, I was treating the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the lives of the markers.
Some of them connected them with something bigger, back something, using their talent for something that won't be thin skin models.
In closing, I'd like to read this email . I sent it Cinax the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was ready, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from grandmother to the young girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, and my daughter newborn, hangs of our wall.
In the whole world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edward inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that cuts an apple in an exhibition of only one million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: photographer -- a new technique so fast that it can create video in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and put it up and turn into a trillion of a second, it's in several dimensions to create a packet of pictures of just one millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If you take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all this happens effectively in less than a nanotube is what it takes to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't adopt this research . There's a lot of things in this film, and I'll develop this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel around the table, and because of the reflection of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflections are concentrated.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet, and we make it go the same distance and you see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit at that movie?
A day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film of a Slow Movement.
And what about testing with death?
You can see the waves that come from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from one of the memories at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomatoes again, you'll notice that, as light comes out of the tomato, it's still brilliant . It doesn't happen.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside and comes out after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this membrane is on their mobile phones, they'll be able to go to the supermarket and verify if fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exposure picture, it enters very little light.
But we'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so it just goes into some light.
We sent that bullet, that photo package, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astronomy sync, we took those gigabytes of data and we were completely trained to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all that raw data and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future superhero would allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Renewable, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our manufacturing.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our membrane, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going to turn around the curve.
Or we could search survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could be able to build the bees that are able to see the interior of the body holding up accomplishments, and the same for cardiovascular.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a asking scientists to start thinking about photography as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation.
Just like Doc Edward, himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of strangers.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect is not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to do that.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a billion seconds.
But here is something fun here.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, these are away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which the events are happening in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, upload it to Indonesia and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 son and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protested in search for change.
This is the 1989 fall . Imagine if all of these people gathered that they would protest in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of them have a mobile phone here?
Put them out.
Raise your mobile phone . Get them away!
Put it . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about my cell phone, and how I changed life.
I'm going to talk about this.
This is 35 830 lines of information.
Buddhist data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . started a directive.
This is the Secretary of Information.
This directive says that every European phone company, every single Internet provider from all over Europe, has to store a broad range of user information.
Who calls me who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data retrieval.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the phones and suppliers of the Internet to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said this would be Stanford 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Democrat Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you are protecting my life . ''
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delta Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
We finally signed a agreement.
I would remove the demand, and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed unique for the German law of the CEO of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retrieval means.
So, next to Zen Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom in and get away, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm from Frank in the train to colony, and how often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they're called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and you end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate with each other, and what hour they call each other, what hour sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sent an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all of these people on the streets of Berlin in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who participated in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall is probably never happening.
And in consequence, not the fall of the iron curtain either.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home, tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not past.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because business and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remind them, they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
My name is Maum Zain, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, embracing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm arguing all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Al.
P C. is not genetic.
It's not contagious and cannot contract.
Nobody curse the uterus of my mother and I didn't cover it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
Just through accidents, like the one that I was born on.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
We go from walk.
Christmas, they're in the mall, they're driving in circles looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and P C. is just one of them.
There's a surge of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Carilian Park, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can do that; dancing lies . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were demanding the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't save all the maximum notes, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five by putting my heel on his feet and simply walking.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to keep it.
The stranger that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a boxing champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and politicians would think appropriate to use Muslims as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried about hunger during the Ramadan.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn at dusk is very easy.
danced in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save me, so I drank a deer milk, they got hot cups on my back, I immersed me in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned his eyes and thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga, I was a Stanford comedian who couldn't stand up.
And now I can stand in the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the NSA, University of the State of Arizona, because I was in all the ones.
It was like the pets of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
And I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the ultimate note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a crystal zoo, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the NSA decided to do a work called Dancer very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at the four winds:``Eventually I have a paper!
I have brain palsy!
At the end, the free end!!
Thanks to the all-powerful God, I'm a free! ''
I didn't get paper . They gave it to Shereak Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why, and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, I can't do the character . ''
It was a role that I literally had born and gave it to an unprecedented actress.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a secret history of hearing actors without disabilities for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first actor tour was kind of an extra in a phone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be coming from``company"to``better buddy ,"in a gut.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see me more than the only one, and it was obvious to me that the report directors didn't hire fat and white actors, with disability.
They just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Woody Goldberg, Rose Barry, Ellen, and all these women had a common thing: they were comedian.
That's why I became a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell on the account that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I am the first memorial of the Arab world.
I never like to record the first place, but I do know that they never heard that little nasty rumor that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obbad, and I launched the National comedy Festival in New York City now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Armyns in the media, and at the same time remind them to the repair directors that South Asia and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited the cable news program behind Keith Olympic.
I walked into a graduate dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live!
So I would cling to the school desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
And I had my opportunity and I did it . I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not only Mr. Augustine came back to invite me, but it was like full-time participants and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Almosh was that people on the Internet are Scottish.
The kids are said that kids are cruel, but they never got rid of me or girls.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became a bright object.
You see clips online with comments like,``Why do you talk? ''
\" Is it twisted? ''
And my favorite: poor terrorist books.
What disease does it have?
We really should hear for it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: chimpanzee, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Feynman can't do somebody in wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap, man . Go.
The disabled are the largest minority in the world, and the most underlying the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My turtle journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet, by the divine of the Susan Lecture telescopes and the profitable Lord Aurora.
I got to act on a film with Adam Sahrungalo and work with my own pain, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I remember the world running``Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was delicate in the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Massachusett ,"a charity charity to give children refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
Peace.
I call myself Mau Zain, and if I can, you too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small town in South Somalia.
This town is near Mogadishu.
The drought is driven by the small village to poverty and the edge of starvation.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mogadishu, Somalia's capital.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Mozart.
And after maybe a year later, nothing.
One day, a gentleman comes to him, and he gives him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
It knows a dynamic group of people who gives him a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present to a young man.
He finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy from that little town with dreams of the great quality was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shah, a terrorist organization connected with al Qaeda.
So how does a story of a little village, trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call the waiting period.
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marginalized, young urban people who are unemployed in Johannesburg, descended riots in London, who search for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, to be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my birth city, Mogadishu , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They don't practically do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madia Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that architectural hospital, thinking,``And if I would never have? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I've been in Mogadishu that month was actually to bridge a juvenile leader in a corporate summit.
I meeting about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You see an opportunity, and I took it up.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started linking to the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motorcycles, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time expanding hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it make to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I believe that business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``period of wait . ''
It makes the young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Moham, a flower.
I was helping me training some of the young people in the summit of business and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you were using a plastic of plastic.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a business company and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started growing tuberculosis and larvae, who said, could survive the Duago climate.
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now is working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They tried business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a corporate spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to do their ideas.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and set up their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, to give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They've hired the street kids to help rent and keep the motorcycles for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the``period of wait . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they turn out and they feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace Park than computers and waiting periods.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains, an area associated north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest was flashing.
The sun made the leaves glow as a vital, and not the way that we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to stand up that land.
We get to our camp.
I was a shed in a river with sight to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage, there was a garbage, about four square feet with apple hearts made out of balloon paper balls, and healthy calculated.
And I was laughing, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy to take out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question followed me, and a little bit simpler.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where they put the``ours ,"who clean our trash on Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, to reason for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like using the uniform and carrying that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his tracks and interviewed people in offices and facilities in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And he would operate the mechanical boxes and barrier the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, one was used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and you're walking around you.
They just want to happen, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the board and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also a way of breathing or circulation.
It must always be moving.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that waste collectors are the most important workforce in city streets, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protectors.
If you don't get rid of the waste efficiently and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your container and your inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and they start to dance.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just signal his relationship.
And then it's what I call our average daily velocity.
And with that, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
Usually we don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or we take our coffee cup, our bandwidth, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will be charged.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I think, is almost literal.
They're on the street every day, an rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leave us for ourselves, our own waste, our waste, and that flow should always stay in one form or another.
On the day after 9/11 , 2001, I heard the grain of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his recycled paper recycled journey as all the Wednesday did.
And I tried to thank her for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded, and he said,``Let's be good.
Let's be good . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching waste collection and saw that man.
It's called Pauling, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reimagine the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
Monologuer waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by forming part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to use a lot of energy because the glass with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, your appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame going from such a rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really qualified with the old market that is this free air structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought that was what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inviting the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclined atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that is authorized, by its own shape, of the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think of a tissue similar to a parking concrete shell with drilling to allow the input of air, and also of light, but in a filter.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the Ethiopian.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little preparated pieces that are the windows that let the air pass and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is complicated with these little color crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a shopping center . It wasn't what we ask . ''
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately, there were more local to sell.
And in addition to the idea of the facade was a lot more economic, not only because of the material compared with the glass, but also because no need to have an air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy algorithm for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photons on the roof.
And then under those panels, we thought of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these patches on the roof, they collect water for the health of the interior.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going for the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also his environment, their tradition and the culture.
During that analysis, I got special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years old, which was surrounded by a wall with 12 doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first operation of design that we did was extend existing streets, creating 12 very similar blocks similar in size and features that there's in Barcelona and other Europe cities with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we had a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost how to retrospect the community occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and shake, and make things like running a two-dimensional career in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes to the communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have an objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair very bright, and a little crayons of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the capital of the states, very good for protection.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day, I spent a while after the school came out . It was a little late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher, the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a few.
All of this, and I was willing to bring the book back into the drawer, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every single row from``A"and I was a row of this, just because it was there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got caught.
It was all disappearing.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was struck by the reason why I bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for protection.
I'm intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penetration.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primate birds are very likely.
We know that cells are the number one cause of spouse killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the jealousy is studied in all possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there wouldn't be Helen the infidels, there wouldn't be``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous, no``The thousand and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading list of high school reading, because we would be losing``The noise and the Food ,"there would be no``Gashie"or``Park ."We would lose``Madame Booking"and``Anna K . ''
No jealousy, there's no Prozac . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost you have them all.
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece,``In search for lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also from ordinary complexity, mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of an underwater magic on the laundry.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot about how slippery it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Wood said, they were as hard as cat tritium.
I don't know what the cat trick is, but we assume it's strong.
Let's see why they go so well, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and the Project.
Is it going to be very obvious as the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, their impediments, are a very solid narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details include, to nail the knife, right?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Project understood.
All she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Washington detects in his lover, he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in her private camera.
You have to admit that Shanney and Proust were notoriously jealous.
You know, Project's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The cells are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
The cells are nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and cute and small pencils.
The cells are nurtured from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It was proud of a good link language with the jealousy.
When Shanney is in his rut of jealousy, suddenly listen to behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover, then he's defending those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different from an old text interpretation or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
He's trying to prove that the cells look smart, and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, the pursuit of truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what to Proust contains, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the tracks to Project's wisdom.
He says,``One woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of feelings much deeper and vital than a wise man that can be interested in us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that cells reveal us.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our gratitude, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Does any other emotion that teach us to look at very peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that made his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Is it too much? Or do you accidentally run with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the cult of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how cells make us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more we're intensely jealous we are, the more we become a fantasy resident.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard on the news.
A woman from Michael 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one who was sent out, horrible, for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this, I reacted with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What huge, though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of a Patrick Highway novel.
Hispan is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in A train ,"and``The talented Mr. Rule ,"books that treat how the cells, they confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Ruiling, his most famous character.
Tom Ruine is going to want to want or want what you're going to get to be and to get rid of what ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, it cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rosling's route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I sometimes want.
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
Do the novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to the 2212 of Baker Street and ask Shrok Holly.
When people think of Holly, think about the curse in Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always witnessed [to] ] Lesterland, the head head of Scott Harvey's rat that needs Hollar desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but he bothers.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
You need their help, but the resilient, and it's burning with bitterness on each mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six Napshotting adventure ,"once Hollywood comes in, delicate everyone with his solution, Lesterland comes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holly.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Yare who didn't want to shake her hand.
It's one of a few times that we see Holly translated in history . I find this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute, it's on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being it.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a geometry issue, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the content plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, let's remember that we have the fiction to comfort us.
Only fiction destroys the jealousy.
The fiction used to be domestical, invite them to the table.
And look what I'm suggesting: the sweet Lesterland, the lander Tom Ruine, the crazy Shanghai, the very Mars Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 lung module, and he went down on the Silicon Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the grain surface was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave a job at about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo program ends , 24 men traveled to the moon.
They were walking on his surface, which Aldrin after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 would emphasize later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, why the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly about the Atlantic?
Why does Rice play for Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Post: For the contemporaries, Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East in the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder in the transcendence of the powers of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the politicians were eradicated, and the smallpox is removed.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Torovan in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of humanity history, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the joy of optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated to see that problems that we imagine technology will solve like going to Mars, creating clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population, they seem to be intractable.
I remember looking at Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me not to look at the copy tube of the rocket Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last multiple mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted to us and they had enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a rational explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprit, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused us to change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their place, without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. always have had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital, and whose development is in the long term, they have never invested in developing technologies that are intended to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would increase the development of alternative energy: mostly, significant increase in the research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy from America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, they're not going to be.
We know for a while that famines are a result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food reports, but there will be famine while there was bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes elusive a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared cancer war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we need to, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem; the institutions have to support the solution; it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, fulfill with those criteria.
But it's a modern model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's not a generic competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who heroin the difficult and the dangerous, and there is no popular science of fiction science like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start remembering them by reminding you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record: there's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think that the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, what people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I lean to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and I could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were shocked 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen on the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do we trust politicians? Trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Trust me?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Trust teachers? ''
You would probably start to ask,``To ask what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust you in some, but in others not . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of officer, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but not, perhaps, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives of how trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to provide the good inherent judgment to the fact that we trust something or someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue.
I would aim to have more confidence in what it is, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a partisan of not trust what's not reliable.
And I think those people who were depressing their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madagascar, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Depression deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say that, that says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think that in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that a person is competent in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm very glad to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely upset.
If it's, I'm still not feeling.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative role that will be the game itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they difficulty the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, demanding them that``check the boxes ,"as we say.
Sure you all know similar examples.
All, all of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we'll convey to the people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to rebuild trust, put things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness a little bit.
We can do it if two people are together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because it gives us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the bases enough so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring up some fancy evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people do, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can give you no explanation.
I take them, and they give me the money, or I get changed by the color that I want.
That's great . I trust them because themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not a very hard thing to do.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world on the screen where imagination can be broken.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
I first created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when the strong oppressed against the screen, it transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the discipline of Microsoft Science, along with my mentor Cathod Burner, he redesigned the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select it is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can take the book and download lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned to the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an online test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translucent when the system understands your body geometry.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we could touch them and feel them?
How would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Jeff Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
By simplified, what we did was we encourage gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by digitally programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and reproduce back and forth in the physical world.
You can teach choices physically and distance, and the famous take of Michael Jordan can be played as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets, physics, and unlike monitors or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungary, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses pay.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a certain path towards happiness: safe and remarkably regulated work.
No matter whether I would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the accentures, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult would thank you the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was already too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
I'm afraid, during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another calling.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember the books.
(" Simple works"in healthcare ."[ unclear lessons' lessons"-- I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that he's here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"deal with Chinese peasant life.
And it's not convenient propaganda . I understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Tell your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said .``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confusion of guilt guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It gives a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
It had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not also do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can deal with people [`` Benjamin Franklin"by Walter McCarles' [`` John Adams"'' that were involved in a same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, it's all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" Path"Cartel"Thomas Matters, instead of losing the translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized in Chinese in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it won't feel alone or powerless.
Having a broken dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, the books are always accompanied.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
And Alex came into the first session using jeans and a hanging touch, he would go on the couch of my office, he took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pioneer as a first client.
And I had a glimpse that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the story stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we removed the solution.
\" The trillion is the new 20 ,"Alex said, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get married later, it has kids later, to death, then.
For free like Alex and I had a time of a bit.
But soon after, my supervisor was ready to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Sure, you're coming out with guys under your category, you're getting a harmful head, but it's not like marrying him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it falls . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to be used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
And so I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and he had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of neighbors everywhere.
There are 50 million folds in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if they consider that no one comes to adulthood without passing before by the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the fish here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with your 20s, you love a smile, you take off the dream, I want to see . All right . Incredible, the views matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at 35.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"moments that shape their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, not panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's reproduced for adulthood, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now is time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s that at any time in life, and we know that female fertility gets to the top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when their daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the neighbors are listening to.
newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists tell you names ridiculous names, like``turns"and``hypothesis . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you pat a finger in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition, and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart, interesting, interesting things like you or your children and kids come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are for finishing, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better circulation the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the chairs game.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around 30, music turned off, and they all started feeling.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the neighbors here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's a huge pressure at the top, and so many of you start a career, choose a city, pick a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything of once at 30.
The private age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of terribles and filmmakers look themselves, and I, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you couldn't yet decide, so I spent the last few years working as a matter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had even been harder.
She cried often in our sessions, but then she lifts herself to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new driver for director, and I had spent every morning filling it with his many contacts, but then he kept looking at the empty space that follows after the words,``In case of emergency, please call...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that time, I cost a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really cares about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the Emma decisive decade was going on in front of.
So, for the next weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all of you, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis, and I got a capital of identity.
By capital identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
I'll do something that's an investment in what you want to be later on.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I do know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that inside of that company that they want to test.
I'm not destroying my exploration, I'm destroying the exploration that I shouldn't tell, that, by the way, is not exploration.
It's properting.
I told Emma to explore jobs, and I would make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are made up.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the gifts who join friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's coming out almost always comes from outside its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call faint friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the gods have a bad job or no work.
But the other half no, and weak ties are the way to color this group.
Half the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is how you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less important, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a journalist, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and he forms his own family.
I told Emma the time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better age to feel the head than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But I'll choose the person that you live with now or access to now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever it is that choose them.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
I love his new career, love his new family, and sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with spikes.
It's very easy to help them.
The peers are like airplanes that come out of Los Angeles airport, which go out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a light fit on its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good break, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the windows you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
That's what I now have the privilege of telling you like Emma every day: The Iranians are not the new 20, it's their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they did.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a work that was even more demanding: the doctor.
I went to teach you mathematics to seventh degrees in public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and evidence.
I give you tasks.
When the job came back, he calculated grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q . wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of you who had a better performance had no I.Q . score.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in terms of seventh degrees, secure, are difficult: proportions, deconstructions, the area of a parallelogram.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better.
It's the CIA, but what if being successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in each study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military East Academy.
We tried to predict where they would stay in military training and who would withdraw.
We went to the National Institute of Defense, and we tried to predict what children will move forward in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of school and those, who will be the most effective to improve the learning outcomes of their students?
We partnered with private companies, wondering, which one of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature arose like an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
determination is to have resistance.
determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination of determination and then waited around over a year to see who they would graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher odds of graduate, even when I put them on every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or in the National Cancer Council, which matters determination . It's also in school, especially for children at risk of dropping out.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do we develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I do know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't follow their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Decod, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finished my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a heat, one of my most adolescent memories is my mother by showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems to be as unpredictable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can go through this wall, so whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of website or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's possible.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to take a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if it was screaming in a regular way,``Austrian! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of doors in the old west.
I call these eight characters to these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that is to follow.
As the old said, two is company, three are crowd.
If one person will stretch your arms, this person is saying,``It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner, like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a shot . Easy to remember, because a treed tree is pretty idiot.
Do you remember the fire?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the border of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
played, played there's someone at home?
This person is coming out hiding from a door, climbing, undermining.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have careful care.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with each small effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two piles stacked over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese emperor would spread to their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of complex industrial fantasy show.
However, Oz's magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took rise to years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonists, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician is made today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Oz salvation as the prophecy predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated armies of evil bag.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Wizard of Oz is that the most heroic, wise characters, are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Within three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of supervision had gone down . So, he took off in the room, and he was impressed as a mom with his legs behind her, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what I perceived.
Would you be value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is going to an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the March of Oz , 1939.
How do Dorothy win his film?
It's doing good puzzles with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids grow Oz, OK, and not a world of men who struggle, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that law princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have been served to navigate the world of adults who are mimicking, I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herry and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who have a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, eventually it came out.
I recommend all of you . It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when he came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let it stop!
Well, almost none of these films is the test of Beckett.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet thrown roots and it's spreading, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Allison Beck is a comic book drawing, and in the mid-'80s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you need to do: In the movie, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the boy who they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women that exist and talk about things with each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I'm very rarely seeing it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Art.
Right? Ruminators from Oscar, tape success, a sense of consensus of what a high-quality film is.
Virtually, it doesn't happen the Beck test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the redefines crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Eleven . Not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen for Congress recently, then it's okay.
But there's a larger number than this one that's going to decode this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music or pornography videos are tightly linked, but something is going wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sex agencies.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you starting the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we just getting that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, you find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools in our disposal as a power of power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask,``If, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power? ''
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about home and salamander.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars, you know what he responded?
Obarma.
Obama Kenyan and Global.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where I'm telling my son,``Go and fight only and more stories where he saw his job to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like Oz's magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I liked was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered of sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to looking for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that to do with my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and process it, using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Elino, lost for thousands of years.
Illuench was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Canyon, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Illy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge alliance planning.
This area is enormous, it's about six for 4.6 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Illuen, and as it changed over time, it went into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extra landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So we used NASA topography data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more carefully, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we thought could be the location of Illuen.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample work; you can see it here.
When I say it shows, it's like a sample sample in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of mud, we found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of Illuemen, five meters down, we have a concept layer of several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Illinoi.
We also found the job work, cornerstone, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Islam here yet, but we're going to go back to place in a close future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably he was written in Illinoi 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the locations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So, according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984!
It makes ideas happen actually started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts the sea shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I'd like you to pay attention to the door color, the material that you're made of.
Now they're visualizing a group of obese networks in bicycles.
They're competing in a net bike race and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're losing strong, they're sweating, they're running a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There's bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the door threshold.
The lobby, the hallway, or what there's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . Light is shining over the Monston of the Galapagos.
You're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue fur making them tickle in your nose.
You can smell the oats of oats, and you're about to get into your mouth.
Go on one side and enter your living room.
Now in the room, and making the use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his middle of center, singing``Hi My Baby And Time . ''
Now let me join the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven comes to you Dorothy, the Manhattan man, the Spanish and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"and shoot from the hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. memory champions.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping, I guess that this was like the end of a wise puzzle.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a barrel of cards.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best memories.
I said,``Ed, when did you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed says,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition says they have normal memory.
We've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques using Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit of exciting, he said,``Josh, you are an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
Because I'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize order in a barrier of live neighborhoods, on national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start by something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.T.
He's an amacian, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pedia . He was based on Dustol Hoffman's role in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in the Salt Lake City public library, mixing phone books; it was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory a little over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained, disciplined memory and culture was not such a rare thing as it may seem to be today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us cognitively.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really that singular; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Would you like to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or automatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains while they memorized numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes, and they found that in memory champions, they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we could learn from this?
The content of competitive memory is sent as an armed race where someone comes in with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 disposable analogies that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the accurate order of 4,000 random binary digits.
Yeah . Yes.
And as there's a large amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call collaborative coding.
It illustrates with an known paradox known as the Barack paradox . [Ballet] He says the following: I say to two people who remember the same word, and I tell you,``Remember there's a man called Baker . ''
That's his appeal.
And then I asked them,``Remember there's a battery . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask them,``Do you remember that word I told you a while ago? ''
\" Do you remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he was told that his job is``Baker . ''
Same word, different capacity of memory; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Baker name, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word,``Babi"-- we know baker.
They use white hats.
They have flour in their hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we began to put some compassionate hooks to make them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palace of memory.
The story goes like this: There was a poet called``Inspirations who are attending a banker . ''
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't take a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he took his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he went, the bank room collapsed.
They're killing everyone.
But it didn't just kill everyone, but it shattered the bodies.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
You know, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, he closed his eyes, and he realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where each invited.
He took the families in their hand, bringing them to where their loved ones were between the rubble.
What you're looking at at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or word instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to remind me of the first 10 words of the story I've just told you about Singers, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the front horse in your lobby, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember: the more crazy, the more crazy, the more profitable, the more profitable, the more impossible to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treatment of memory, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it a memory, the same way that Cicero would have done if you invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to think of some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy, inevitable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely useless competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Montana Galapagos mounted on mystery Ed.
And that would remind you, you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind them that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that you would talk about would be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and you have some friends to help you remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that's going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek Greek, which means``place . ''
It's a version of when people thought about morality and rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got away from that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this competitive memory subculture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a genetically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in exams, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school animal bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I'd never expect it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's really about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provocative, installation, absurd and opposite, in the eye of the mind.
I got pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a bunch of security glasses covered by just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory experiment experiment.
I thought this could serve for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be put to build memory palazzo or memorize cards from cards, to benefit with a little bit of plastic about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deeply focused.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't really walk around.
But the reality is, there are no shortcuts.
That's how things become memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what ECX, the anonymous that I couldn't even remember that had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so holes that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible latent memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents's home in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was given to the living room.
And there everybody would spend the time looking at the telly . So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me . And every time I got shower and I went back on a towel, everyone saw me.
And I was.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
He hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or division of zones, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
That is , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what's wrong: you think about power, stability,``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it as based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disaster that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, far from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the urbanism and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Libabilina Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, that let me interview what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building: the kids, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings, are called so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drives new technologies, new telescopes, new solutions for the current forms.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of black, this gets us depressed . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like traders, so we start to experiment again; we make the pendulum swing forward, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It's about concrete.
You can guess that.
Small windows, donor scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up to the '80s, and we started incorporating those symbols.
Let's push the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and we update them.
We add together and we added sticks and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give.
We take Cappers and convert them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval castle made of glass.
The shapes were made, won in audacity and colorful.
The dwarf became columns.
The sciences grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
Probably with a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what happens with the PowerPoint.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we're taking memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we started making the pendulum swing back into the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called deconstructive.
We dismiss the historical symbols; we now have new design techniques set up by computer, and we find new compositions -- some forms that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and drunk, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the dark pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper took this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinard.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was galvanized around them and quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other stars.
He happened to Bay and Liberia, and what happened to these little elite architects in the New millennium threshold, actually started to go with all the architecture . Digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology is accelerating . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know if the one who designed four years ago was a success or no.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find ourselves with buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media, it starts to swing faster and faster, until you're in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it effectively draws the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instantaneous symbols, with emotional charge, something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Penns in Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and like the drawings looked exactly the product product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're images that you did from building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you circuits with collective memory, and when you load these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Lincoln.
If that building is built today, first we would go online in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's a ammunition.
ammunition that you can take the mayor of Lincoln, people in Lincoln, and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
So this abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grateful words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a desperate audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't get to be intrigued by architecture.
That means that the toxic pendulum from one style to another, from movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the building of tomorrow will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical billion historical imitation based on ideas of what it must be a stadium.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are thrown into nature's whims and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga, or even one can be married there at night.
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, it's not just a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion pavilion, as muscle and fiber as the animals who are going to observe.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we built.
Architects already know how to do more ecological, more intelligent and more nice buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
Find an architect, try and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they give form to the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Story.
He just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical, typical, typical way, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He's laughing and chicken, and it gives itself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think,``When stop doing this? ''
How is it that suddenly we're not comfortable with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, they just want to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's a little scary, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the way it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
In between what his mom says, and what his friends, or the school partners say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it itself, publishes it on YouTube, and asking others to please leave a comment,``Am I beautiful or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talked about a healthy, normal and current teenager that receives these answers in one of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly young girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, holding, saying,``I like ,"by talking, sharing, publishing, this never ended.
We've never been so connected, in a continuous way, so instantly, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implications.
This environment, of being always connected, is responding to our children to be based on the number of``I like"and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most destroyed in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover of girls's news.
Zero models continue to dominate our steps.
The technician's technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``The trial, #Change ,"`` Bible ,"`` property . ''
For those of you who know it, it means progressive.
These trends are associated with women in popular today.
It's not hard to see what the young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the open-source stars of sports, and the puzzle singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look pretty enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a taxpayer to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in test season, if you don't think you're seeing enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note on the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is delicate academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem perform less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's for all of this that they make more risky decisions, like alcohol of alcohol and alcohol, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early age and no protection and self-assembly damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they're overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have more anxiety rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day in which they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity?
Now, liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to be trusted in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well intended programs, without realizing, they were worse.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial party points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires every one of us that we take the rhythms in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell us with the parking of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or the size of their breasts that the determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up by valuing their whole person, valuing the individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them those who go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never getting them from being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Their wife?
Their sister?
Your daughter?
Your niece? Is your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that authentic voice in her inside, that he's terrified by not having long legs, more thin thigh, a lighter belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we would suggest this, and we would say,``Does it bring up their potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach them the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because of how you feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
Let's change each one of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small tracks of a year of age today, they become agents of safe changes of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Slavina Cameras entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to Miss Kaber, the leader of the League of Defense.
You know, they initially declared it innocent, but being paid by other minor charges, in company of others, they started to plan attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later, you'll be convicted for your participation in that attention.
Slaving is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a love American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two they did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a shape of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims, come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't really require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are so far apart to their convictions that think that you have to use all possible media so they're all living like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me, and I explained to me that in the last weekends, he and some friends had been going on to a shot training in Long Island, to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Pup Calmenth pollen that, without knowing our group, was linked by the FBI.
When I played my father, my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot, I gave the little orange light on the target, and for all of me, especially me, the whole goal was in flames.
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic, said,``IBM . ''
It's such as a parent.
To all of them, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a loaded up with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurting another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``amateur ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody, it was time to be packing and going to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was a victim of math.
I conservative secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silent and reward, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly, to grow under a fan, not prepared for the real world.
I was educated by judging people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think, was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the Journal National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a kill victim, almost all my life, was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly, I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe that it was ineffective.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience turned fundamental in the development of my character.
All life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the homosexuality were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I'd seen in life.
Having been harassed, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is like to be gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and I helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a time when I was desperately needing it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with somebody who has been suffering enough with endless pixels and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hate in your inside.
My real name is not Zaga Ebrele.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, someday, who you're trying to bring to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I was convicted to this violent and intuitive ideology, I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the loss pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk to those acts without sense, as I rejection to my father's actions.
With this simplicity, I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents's roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you very much.
Right now there's a film that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multicultural film.
It's 3D, and it's got sulfur sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has scent, flavor and texture.
He feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice on your failure of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human beings.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have any certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason for living.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why aren't we just robots that processing what we've got to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
Physical psychology studied the behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain, but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years, it all started to change.
Neurologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penera said,``Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flow of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansan presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or happy feeling.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they're correlated with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: Why all the physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like temperatures, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the workers operate, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from subjective experience?
And here is the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the refugee that works, and for a long time, I was hit by the wall, looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We get used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate into our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, and I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is charged.
In the 19th century, Max discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental, space, space, mass, masses, Newton's laws . So I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by logic, you have to load the list.
The most natural thing would be to boost consciousness itself as fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could break them on a paddle.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can break them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called``Panel ,"by all,``psychiatry"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when he thinks,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rose . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of crude, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, as others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems logical, it's much less for different cultures, where the human mind seems more one continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, it's linked awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
One very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tong, took this kind of theory and developed it directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called``Ph ,"which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of integration of information, a high degree of G, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration, very significant, very important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, the microbes, particles, the grade of the king.
The level of integration of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of grass, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that insulin can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where does the fire of equations come out? ''
From the scenario vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the pedestrian vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and you can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a pathology and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the Heady movie?
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information vision, she has a complicated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put very serious ethical problems on the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning it out.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal film for this complete TED group, different from the inner movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must be taken seriously.
So this patient vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental, that the second one, that it's universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low school profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to join me for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't achieved anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Bush Salmon"and``Dawn's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching at Melbourne High School, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes, a boy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of diplomacy for some good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: This kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not a kid's fault, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting for them to inspire you . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid of desperate.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we've been sold the lie that disability is a bad thing, at mass, Muslim Malapy.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invaded . ''
Or this one:``Before I left . Try it! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the child without hands drawing with a pencil that's held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with artificial fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the weak term deliberately, because they're costing a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set up the disabled in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times of the number of times that I've been telling me strange, wanting to express that they believe that I am a brave or an inspiration source, and this happened to before my job had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to cost.
These images, those images are taking people with disabilities in benefit of people without disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we overcome is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I was inspired by so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability to be like you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're simply using their bodies to get the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to justify them in the way we do, by sharing those images?
When people say to us,``You're a inspiration source ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here bone the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, you're not sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
I learn from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to collect the things that they fall into, and I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that goes up and cost us.
I really believe that that lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a climb of stairs has never made it a ramp.
Never . smiling to a television screen won't make the subtitles appear for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and raising a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It just isn't going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom, watching``Buddha Salary"-- it doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 9/11 child in high school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you believe to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a coalic colonialism?
Unfortunately, today I'll only respond to one of those questions, so please don't mess.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report"and Tom Cruise running hands in air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality increased our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds of guy chasing us, trying to get us to get all of their self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is to use under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly: Come on.
It's horrible to be tolerant.
A moment . Let's zoom in a little bit.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being stored in the football field, from the perspective of the heel.
You may have realized that people are missing, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, short at the University of Washington.
Cateraloon marital: mice 54! Mice 54!!
Blue 8, Blue 8!! Go!!
Chris Klee: This is a little bit more a little bit more like being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field.
Or a runner?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We take it at that level using something called October Rift, which is sure many already know.
The Occupy Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no . I don't want to keep playing! No!!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peters crossing the line, leaving a tolerance with the arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Messa running through the court, launching the ball at the bottom of the network, or Ferris doing a stick in Wimbledon?
What will your experience be when you disappear from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of adults for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we reach the augmented reality, OK?
We'll take the augmented reality when the coaches, the management and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief record on the NFL technology.
In 1965, Baltimore's Patterns put a ticket to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
1994, the NFL put radio in the helmet of the fields of the field and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2025, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group and see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic visit that they're wearing . You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow your instructions, you lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would you do it?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down there.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad teams.
So your computer team will be as important as your recruit, and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It would be for sports . Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the ball and you get back.
You look for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight gives you that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the R system pulls you.
Go to the protection area.
Another plant makes you an open receptor.
The ball, but they would spill you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where you land . However, the receptor sees in your bombsight, an area of grass that lights up and can modify the career.
It's approaching, grabs the ball, running and anonymous.
The audience grows, and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in someone else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports league.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how they live being pursued?
How much is it going to be for a Dancer commander or a Neanderthal deception Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly notes and Karadombais?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, like always, of us.
Thank you.
Recently I was retired after 23 years of service at the High Party of California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent to patrol the southern end of Marine County, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, boss engineer who built the bridge, said,``The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or not . ''
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so each of them has liberated you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
Those who don't usually get thrown into the helpless water, and then they drowned.
I don't think that the ones that control this method of suicide realize the death of death to which they're facing.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are left before they take away their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer by controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day in bringing it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contemplating suicide, but the officers also.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Garbert.
I met it on July 22 last year when he received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, I wondered if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology, Zen created Pandora, and he sent her to Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, the curiosity was more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
And they came out of pests, the legs, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few instances, leaned on the right, and it went.
This young, intelligent boy in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I spoke to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how he was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved outside?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk, but you have to listen.
I'll hear.
Don't tell you, you guys, or you tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Other in similar circumstances have you thought about finishing your life; you've had these thoughts? ''
confront the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look at: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve, impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I'd like to read you her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's his permission and blessed that I read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb, but I'm noticing more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Pete to San Francisco to see the 49 party with his father on January 19.
He never came there.
He called Peterald's police and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the 185 of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with her.
My prayers are with you.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the courage to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, he responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his account that day will come back on that lane and give her to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he's happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was it that made you come back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
They let me talk and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
\" Dear Lord Brothers, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us . ''
Honestly, I think Kevin was changing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious from all of those inherited traits, but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Honestly in debt with you, Narrator Bertie . ''
And at the end she wrote,``P.C . when I visited the San Francisco General Hospital that night, you would figure out the patient.
\" I know I had to solve it! ''
Currently, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression to hope that his story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they would not think about hurting another person.
They just want your own pain to end up.
Typically, this is achieved only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
At the end, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And it jumped.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who left the slave realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us must be striving about to do.
Sustainability can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior, you know what you are, and a question marks: How did you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had since.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to think about later, when I look at this picture, I think,``Well, you got it Gene, you got it . ''
But the past October, I discovered that, hardly, I'm starting.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo, what's considered accepted.
In my case, last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt on your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to automate.
The gender has always been considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never got to share my story, not because I thought I'm a bad thing, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate.
Every day, thank you to be a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu god, the gardens.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in Los Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still afraid of man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of an engineered beauty contest.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she participated she was going to be turned out of the inspiration spending and the costume, and that night, I won in a bathroom suit, he won in a row suit, and he had a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty queens.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty queen of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the gods of the unemployed, especially when we traveled at the remote provinces of Los Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request on green card that could go live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you moved to the United States, can you change the name and gender identity? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they have the most prestigious, sophisticated, secure surgery.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to get surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Gene name and``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or power to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears saw minimalized.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I'm thinking about this woman from Man Nets.
A young woman from New York who he would barely live his truth, but, wasted, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All November 20, we do a global surveillance by the Random Day Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marshall P Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday, there's no more November 20 surveillance.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You see, first, thank all of my blessing.
To my support network, my parents especially, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been going to young women, who have oriented, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table, the subject that sometimes that phrase doesn't block, and that there should be a space that would allow people to identify, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is getting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually are known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mali started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were bombed in 2011, when he had the James National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child is born, their birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not by his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives their conductors to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and, with a son's hope, when he lit his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter . The daughter is born, when she grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays home and the school admitted his siblings.
Until age 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move across the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it's 13 years old, he's banned to leave his house without a male accompanied.
It's confined at four walls in their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It turns into the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honest, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption code of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a larger norm of the patriarchal societies, which is called an operator.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very summary.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a debate.
If you make it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it disease.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet:``The married, they love it, and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it increases the same agency to his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when Bali was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Maine, and called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired it in my school.
So you wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I must mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
Interviewing in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A school admissions means that he's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I turned the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the puzzles of some of my sisters.
And the reason was, I had never seen my sisters' names in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and sanctity of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to incorporate them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've struck all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for education.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, forgetting the lesson lesson.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the self-assembly call.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the technological.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
The women were forced to use veil and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the booking girls and the killed singers.
They suffered millions, but few of them spoke, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and poke when one speaks for their rights.
It's really terrifying.
By the age of 10, Mal got up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and he spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a clubs around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of 2012, they shot it on the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he would inevitably say,``Please, don't blame you.
It's the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe headaches and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my storytelling and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to be okay . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it comfort us.
Bridges and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
It fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy about it.
People ask me,``What's a special thing in my tutor that has made so bold to Malaysia so brave, expressive and equation? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I did.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am an engineer.
I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Montage group, and Google, where I've had a split to my charges, the voice of visualization of Google X, but all the work that I'm going to talk about here today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you're subjected to an operation of brain.
Are you still as smart or not?
If that, can you be smart?
After neuroscience, I missed a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I had to decide about combinations and chemicals, and trying to get them, to follow life.
More than once I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experiment soul, so I decided that I would experiment to try to get the optimal dose because there isn't really a clear map that says it in detail.
I started to test with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of 20, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always angry, I thought about all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the top versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that had the front, and just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then, I get better with men.
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my kind of key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? Try new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
philosophers like humor, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So, after several years, I get to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, very sophisticated, well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups highlighted in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Girler Gandshim and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person's brain who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as it was imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by looking at the content of the central column on the left . You see the difference is almost normal.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost normal.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from the Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, we showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a great pool of brain reaction to video sequences.
Then, they were shown a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as they recorded a new scan.
The computer, using only brain information in the scan, decided to show what seemed like the person was watching.
On the right you can see the computer details, and on the left, the video that was shown.
This blew us wrong.
We're good close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same mapping.
This was conducted with the biggest brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increasing as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There's a lot of techniques to do that.
One is opening up the skull and introducing electrodes.
I don't offer me for that.
Many of them are proposing new processing techniques, even me . counting the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, more great magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, let's make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter to us?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances were involved in confined and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the broadcast and recently FDA radio in MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of FM radio.
So when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of frequency processing processing patterns, we can actually increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the flow of oxygen, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to judge our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresponsible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Your closet may be telling someone for the first time that love or telling someone who is pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've gone through in life.
All closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived it and having come out of that closet is universal.
It fears, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Cales William, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various phases of the intensity of Libana military: not to walk my armpits, quote the Andy di France letters.
And I'm going to be slope that by the hole of my short screen, and by having shave my head, I would ask me a little boy, and I'd say,``Hey, are you kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would cut my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a leave of rage.
The father would increase the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold looked at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised me that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was prepared, and he was about to go into the female issues at the table . He had the quote of Betty Friedman.
Gloria Stein's quote.
Even a fragment of the``Vagina Monologues"that would show.
So I'd breathe a little bit, and I looked down and my backs, a four-year-old with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist candy, just a girl with a question:``Are you kid or girl? ''
And so I would breathe again, I got out of ruins near her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is confusing.
I have my hair short like a kid, and I saw a boy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the type of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish.
Can you give me a stick, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Ah, OK, you're a girl.
What about the excuse I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both of us were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, I often used to be an rainbow.
But in the dark, you can't know how color walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of her, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain to someone who have been declared in a broken bank is harder than telling them it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five-year-old to be divorced?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classification what's hard to be about what difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make them feel secure, or at least more security than the other side of the door offers.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made of, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old child who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet, driving my gay grenade, and moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I ever ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint, and now the world was turning around.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grenade, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and heels, I walked around the tables, and finally I got to one where my parents were, people who knew me did years.
And after a moment, one of the women scream,``I love Nathan Lane!! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Hey, did you ever have been in the beaver? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Hey, do you know my aesthetic Antarctic?
It's very good and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Ah, what's your favorite TV program? ''
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the grenade spears.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt messy.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were drilling.
And what else can you ask someone, but to be able to get to harder?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone that I've come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Peace of Peace.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just say it . Range your patches.
If you know they're gay, say it.
If you say to your parents that you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They're never arguing about it.
And some can get safe wounded, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in an armed dark drawing, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the veil.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Exxang Dirkens that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Exxang Breiklin wrote this, it did it as a critical to the pioneers of computer as Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the Earth's biology or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth's intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain moment in time, asteroids that will demolish the surface of a planet, you stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took over several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, which pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be completely adjusted to intelligence development, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the planning of robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a few years, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues?
Is there an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E =, for the intelligence that I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or to keep the open choices, with a T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce most disorder, or entropy, in their life, should have tendency to more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us.
But what if that overall cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which it's inside.
Amazingly, English could happen multiple evidence of animal intelligence, play games of humans, and even make money by trading actions, all of them without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a human standing without falling, here we see English balancing automatically a position using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
He just decided to balance the post.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This is a tool use of tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see English can do a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
English is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network successfully.
This same network orchestra capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English organizing the routes of a ship of ships, discovering successfully and using Panama's Channel to expand the global level its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Atlanta spontaneously discovering and execute a strategy of engagement, vegetable in a simulated negotiation of actions, successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Wikipedia: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, leading to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the``RISD"-- there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then memories, and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
I'm often asked, how is it that I'm looking for goals from this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've really expanded our knowledge about how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to Earth is only one among the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures red intensity of stars when the planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets in addition to the distance of the distance between them and their stem star.
In together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their suns.
At the time, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Glaciers and marine ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in decades of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where it will discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that look for alien opportunities in the developer sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look for planets, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocky, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially habitable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like``Curiosity"will trace its surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the MBA mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the chance to live on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really exciting places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen written by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets, I get a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this inefficient self-assembly of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
And so I like international exploration, I'm deep disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the truth of truth will be a place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation are not contradiction.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world in our world as extraterrestrial patterns.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile, inherent areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked, you know, our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough technologically to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the origin of the planets that were driving this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all fine closed.
I thought about calling a stroke, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a stroke could take a long time to get, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was precise from my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, in spite of the circumstances, it was good stop.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correctional releases that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and culture.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in place, which prevent bad things happening.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn's winner, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed I talked about, I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called professional retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the premise.
Everybody knows what the demonstration is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the premise, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'll give up a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds like common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's good, where the fish are, which is using fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is embedded in London's taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the solid sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you hold a place, and you're embarrassing with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card, driving, passport, send it for email themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or they steal them, it can facilitate the substitute.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic, and the thought is the thought.
So part of the premise is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this was created as a proposal for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the lab result and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today . It's even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, you remember the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for which most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to join a surgery in any medical procedure before they're helping a person.
And you must think about what kind of description that is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't recognize me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if it's somebody's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the mechanisms very well.
But the estimates of Galatali that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely prescribed statue, which one do you think?
How many people have to take them before they help a person?
300.
This is about the research of the Khmer Grobise cynical researchers and Pamela Amazon, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I'm exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, a brain, or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it's,``Talk about the side effects ."Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain pain and articulate pain, safe pain, but now they think,``Five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember, under stress don't think of it.
So think about how you're going through this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that the drug will help you.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the crash value, but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that it's more done in men, older men, extension for cancer prostate, the number needed to treat is 49.
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or the erectile dysfunction, incomplete inconversation, straight light.
And if you're lucky, and you're one of that 50 percent of the effects, you'll only run a year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think about time the questions that you can make to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to build all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life free, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn a lot of systems off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the liberal or immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . You could get the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail occasionally.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put systems in place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent bad things going on in the first place.
Now, revelationalization night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a lock of combination alongside the door, with a key of the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I've not read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, P is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're touching a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more softly.
Two feet, even more gentle.
Four' P, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a``P P tree ,"there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of, oh there can be, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the USDA, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came over the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that today we know as analysis.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true at all.
sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound of sounds, it's as if I lived in a foreign country, followed blindly their rules, constructions, behaviors and norms without questioning.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and they amplify sound.
I'm learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't smell the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat your potato bag . ''
\" No mistakes, and when you're eating, make sure you don't throw the covers on the dish . ''
All of this I call it``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nervous the sound, about which it is to come next.
Hence, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TED, to continue.
IBM, for announced.
You can see the penis has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle and shooting balls.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``penis"in the classroom.
A typical penis has five lines.
However, to me, doing whatever with my thumb is not natural.
That's why I just have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from place to place, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that struck me.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to get me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know so well that it doesn't only experience through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or I can experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and figure out.
I started to create a new work body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received.
I realized sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was something of a listener.
And sound is so powerful that it could be bent to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would empower me.
There's a massive culture around language spoken.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like no voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with a lot of different integrations of Asia.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me listen.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I apologize their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, just like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I couldn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be destroyed in oblivion and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and analysis.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can say from a concept in Asia.
The two are very space and highly modular, which means subtle changes can affect all the signals as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand how the USDA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The USDA is divided into many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you would run just one key at a time.
However, the USDA is more like a chord, they need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in Asia.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In Asia, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the``focus on that . ''
This is the``focus on that . ''
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, I got married.
Oops.
What are you looking at?
Ah, good!
So I started thinking, and if I look at Asia through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and put.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say from``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights,``Last night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in classrooms and how distance the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero . It's a hand, two axes . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So, the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` Universal to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time,``Once there was once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per shopping.
However, when I see the word common, I think automatically in the same time.
See MD: Right hand, E: left.
We have the penis through the head and the chest.
( Face: MM: Flat claws] [unclear Time] [() In the chest ,"I'll teach you a shape of the hand called``flat limb . ''
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it both in your head like the chest, something like the``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``fall in love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in classrooms.
Now, the third . Please stand up again.
And again.
It's lighting.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Love ,"`` colonization"and``illumination . ''
Good job all.
Look at how three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how Asia is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very autonomous world.
And only because the USDA doesn't have sounds, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the USDA to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Asia, and you have to hear to learn music.
The USDA is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denisovans Kafael: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said to me,``You can take it all, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also don't get really good and they're not very good at cleaning up others.
The time happened, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention at the Harvard School in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait very much for my students to walk through the beach, you're riding lots of garbage.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spooky.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dreamed of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this little bit of work with adult height so that very young kids can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collected the plastic and we reduce it to size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, just collecting information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform websites and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that's slowly moving through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board will process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called``Instructions ,"with hope that someone else is better.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] ] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you see the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill, just using the hands, in Subseric, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where you bathe, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything gets mixed, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can illuminate through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and its sense of creativity to help the other children remotely.
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half a Japanese and a half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there's a number of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives Fukushing nuclear power plant, a nuclear core near the water.
And today, according to the reports, an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution traces for Square.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, is safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we report to the control center -- here's the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the job seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that we did that day and talk about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the intrinsic, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary topographic map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we sprinkle water to simulate the rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the rival system and decreased in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear core to date.
We zoom up to a mile from the nuclear core, and with the heart of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, as well as open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has become more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little so small so, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, optics, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually come back to adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Charlest Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electric vehicles?
The plastic, the oil and the radioactive are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, gentlemen, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is imposing on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble in gross, he saw a figure that struggle to be free.
The piano was only the tool of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not linked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we took all the information that was required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have discussed a world made out of parts, setting up the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as assembly parts of parts with different functions.
But you don't find any homography material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin of delicate pores.
The backs of the back are more thick with small pores.
You act mainly as filters, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that gradually varied its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to actually work between the piano and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analytics and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, by stepping out of assembly and growing up.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they conflict four disciplines that offer access to tools we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour scope of diameter with a vibrating base that some day not very far to print whole buildings, and narcosis to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the jealousy, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is the unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade from Paris with Iran, and it's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
And together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and have 3D missing without seams between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CC scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time structural, comfortable, and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular pattern, it becomes synthetic.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opportunity and color, corresponds to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not by adding another material or other assembly, but continuing continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Aren't there parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them left me, and it came to define a lot of what matters a lot.
Like she says,``In the third day of creation, God sent Earth to grow a fragile fragile tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would design be if objects were made of one piece?
Are we going to come back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for that the biblical material, the kind of material of the blood tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biotechnology on the planet is called a shortage, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, crabs, charism and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we put them up and we produced rubber grass.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple excuses of controlled limbs.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from a single material, three feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them dry to find a natural shape to the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
Air bubbles who were a promotion process was used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase genetically designed bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no problem in the mesh to mesh, and if it gets further, to windows.
A fragile tree charges of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed the marine life; and put on the ground, they will help grow a tree.
The ad for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own element of elements: new forms of life created collectively, manufactured in an additive and augmented way.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid alchemy, only instead of transforming precious metals, are synthesized new biological functionalities within very small channels.
This field is called microfluidics.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the biological.
It lives in our oceans and the sweet water ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
One turns light into sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help that they flow these bacteria and alter their way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it takes 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED primitive, our first portable physiology, bright liquid channels in the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're a modern fashion creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and have our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do it like this.
It grows . It adds with sophistication.
This worm cocoon, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
It's not additive manufacturing to this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is glue or matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets together in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then begins to thread a cocoon of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, is manifest in one material.
In order to better understand how this complex process works, we put a small magnet on the head of a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when I put the silk worm in a flat patch, not inside a box, we realized that it would tell a flat cocoon and still mechanically metabolism.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the cocoon structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often attach the silk worms to death inside their cocoon, their silk gets rid, and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
They were healthy, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale.
We had a toilet robot making silk templates, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to darker and cold zones, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or artists, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillar.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they collide, they collide, they mate, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
The biological silk thread on the silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 5,000 silk worms , 2,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The moths, after the crash, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other filled gap.
If the last frontier of design is to make life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring together these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, that leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be most of? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when you asked them for the first time?
You can show it with fingers.
Five . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask the question,``What do you want to be most of? ''
It's caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be from greater? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, killing and art and developed websites, and I played the guitar on a punk band called Francisco frustrated.
You may have heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this sense of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to be wrapped up.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I'm letting me absorb and I'm like,``Yes! I found the mine ,"and then again again, where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert this all into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions, and resist me to bored me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad in me for not defined.
I was worried to be afraid of commitment, or being dispersed, or to add to my own success.
If you can relate my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have done then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We're asked first,``What do you want to be most of? ''
When we have about five years.
And nobody cares what you answer at that age.
It's considered a naive issue to provide cute answers in children like,``being an astronaut"or``being dancer"or``I want to be pirate . ''
They insert Halloween's shooting here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various forms, P, and high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be most of? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream of what they might be, not inspired to dream of everything they might be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though adults are good at you, and you can say,``Oh, how nice, but you can't be artistic of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's an art of violent and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Niger, magazine publisher turned into illustrator, business, teacher and CEO.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are lots of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can just feel.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And I'll feel there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing bad in you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bite for that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well dressed in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of a advantage to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplicity as limitation or allies that you have to beat.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, there are huge forces to be like this.
Here are three multiple superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in intersection.
I dream Washington and Rachel Bionics expressed their interests shared in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, to founding Meding.
Mexico is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Well, to dream of it, this idea came up with this unique idea for its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the multiplicities, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When we multiply them, we're going to do it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, because it's been many times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of abilities are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely started from scratch.
Now, the name is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist girl, they perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before I turned into writer, North was financial planners.
He had to learn the ultimate sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to devote what you're attracted to, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . That is the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Carveland is sometimes a director of videos, other, web pages, sometimes consultant, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fast Company Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and predictably, which is the individuals and organizations that can be able to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
Services of ideas, quick learning and adaptability: three skills where the crowds are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in making the multinational people themselves.
We have complex problems, multidimensional problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist and a multiplicity shopping.
The specialist can dive in deep and put in practice, and the multinational offers an amplifier of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going on with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multinationals in a large part are assigned to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with internal wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will get the best of yes.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say to them, record with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbits of rabbit.
They explore intersections.
embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multinational, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman named Austic took him to a physicist at Frank.
And they were delivered, and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alice.
And Alice didn't know how to help August, but he was blown by it until, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, Alice did an autopsy, and they found strange and hormone plates in the August's brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I would have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alice was 14 years ago.
Alice was Dr. Alexis Alzheimer.
And Australia Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-agent for HIV, stations for the cartoonists and much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million who, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live up to 85 or more, the chance to contract Alzheimer's going to be almost one of two.
In other words, there's the probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping care about a friend or loved Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care cost 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent on Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and their costs prevent an increase of five times in 2050, as they older the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slowed down.
We understand less from Alzheimer than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's cancer, despite the fact that Alzheimer's costs more and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be,``Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it . ''
For most of the last 140 years, everyone, even, scientists, confuse Alzheimer's aging.
We think it's going to be sexy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared with an Alzheimer patient's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to unraveling a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to brain caused by Alzheimer's lifespan significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found strangers and strangers in the Australian brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places on paper that are sticky.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and holes.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There's a lot of steps, and the identification of what step is complex, like to describe a bomb.
Cutting a wire could do nothing.
cutting the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, mostly the wires have reduced and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drug that blocks specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick between them, as humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that healthy and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 140 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to convince us that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved loved ones and night, are often too far apart to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austic, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times Molecular column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience to prove it myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: Two strangers are transported to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions for example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried another person?
And just?
In the middle of the fact, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really likes me -- Tell your partner what's attached to you or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all over the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so he sent it to the Color Love several months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you follow together still?
And the reason I think that you're thinking about this is because you've already asked me this question over and over in the last seven months.
And of this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that covered a good load of attention in relatively new relationship.
But as he went, I had no idea.
The article was released online at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, you've already called the Tony Show and the Google Mountain American.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, unlikely for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with meaning on their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what every day did for weeks, they were always doing the same question: Do they even follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase,``You still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and correctional strangers like this.
They interviewed me in the radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the refrigerator of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine Valentine who included readers from readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said no to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
I received television interviews, and refugees of photos of us two.
I think that I was afraid of becoming the individual icons of the language process, a range for which I didn't feel in the absolute grade.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: I mean, if I was able to produce a specific love, not just an adventure, but real love, perfect love.
But this was a question I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether to go together or not, and I'll tell you?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called``sustained Appreciation, progressive and reciprocal openness . ''
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close after doing it . A number of subsequent studies also used the protocol Friend rapidly as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideologies.
The original version of the story, which tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I do mean that you love the person with who you did?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I was, but became better friends?
Did you feel that they got better after testing the study?
He nodded.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my whole adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I got stuck in science.
I research everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to sort of empty my heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to be so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what I'm looking for to me.
What's looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very tight story, because in love makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that asks: Do you still follow together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or no.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like,``How do you decide who your love deserves and who? ''
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, this is a year ago, a meeting and I apply a design study to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still go together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing that will remain in love.
In love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We're going to stay in love because we're taking the choice of being.
And I'm very afraid of reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I'm not going to consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending implicit on the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some leadership in the middle of the mountain, and in a certain way I got like a forest of the forest.
New York City does a while ago, something that really affected me, but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I threw all the pages and I made a kind of calculating cells on the Agnes Martin, and the resin covers and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So I made more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow down, draw the same that you do around a crater on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own technology of invented specimens.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sirrovi.
It was great, man.
At some point, I'm interested in the human form, natural size radiation sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass sheets, similar to drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that they formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my artwork with something very big, which I call``trick . ''
For the tropics, I was largely inspired in``The Garden of Losel Delinates ,"which is a painting at the Museum in Spain in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of his time.
Well, the tropics . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, this analog mesh infrared where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads go to the face, lists to commit en masse by assignment in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird child tied to a stroke.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the Peter Bio oil platform, the shower of Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of leadership also.
He's coming out of the ocean, and it's listening to oil in a hand while in the other hand, they get clouds.
Their hands are like bullets, and it looks like a mythology that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a traffic aspect.
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand in which it comes to.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a nose, like a bird peak, and you find clouds from this nose.
It also has a $five feet long, a short tail that binds the tropics.
Anyway, his tail is a fire when you get on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in an ocean balloon balloon made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very quickly, this leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called physiology.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of file in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope board that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's your head; it's the chest, you can interview the entrance.
I'm going to join you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or the non-profit, or whatever it has, a kind of an anti-agent thing.
It's a quick clip of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a broken body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There's a few pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Penetra Women.
Within this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We mentioned the box and all the people in the inside, with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts from countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, we're all going to usually die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take a aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first through stomach, intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicating system so that any kind of drug is in the body.
The downside, however, is that when we swallow it, any medication is dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the computers of computers.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take in the bloodstream, they dilute, and even worse for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are the regions of the body like lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is activated and it doesn't easily enter the bloodstream of patients that are held to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment disruption, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life administration.
One day, I sat down, and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for your care of wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything imaginable, including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, open and close almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people ask,``How is that possible? ''
We send a small, powerful lightning laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this film technology or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision at the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the infection site, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
It documents what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything conflict, because war has changed.
I used to be an dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 217 peace peace deals between 1975 and 2011 , 1965 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
Armed struggle and non-lethal policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Herbush Bridge, known by its violent cooling against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hebray has also established a political party, a social services network and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamili Palestinians, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They establish a complex machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and social networking strategies.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds, but through profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something more: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional, professional training programs.
Herbie offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan spread by the war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian House cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, the less we can categorize them as something counterintuitive.
How do you call a group like Hebraker?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what's ISIS?
The lines were drawn.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the weaker the states are, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and full of that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important as well to establish and create peace.
If we understand armed groups better, we'll understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are memes, but I fear that I would openly accept the``feminist"tag would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm attractive as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started calling the Mali Magic.
So what started as a personal joke meant myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me take a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people when I could make a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and disgusting.
I was taken as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, he asks too, very high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, a feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irreducible: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same job.
We have a right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have a right to use in a easy way and accessible contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music, I'm going to get all volume.
Although the letter degraded women, and I'm deeply offended, the classic``Salt Shakespeare"of the yin Yank Twin is incredible.
\" Make it real with your wet t-shirt.
bitch, give it, move until it hurts! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe at the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage collection, lawns care and machine maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Bach"and the romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that make it true.
Some of my crimes are more discarded.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband's surname, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, they accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solved this problem.
It rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or distributed historically the needs of the color women, the workers, the gay and transgender, for white women, heterosexual, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feminists on a pedestal.
We hope for perfection.
When we're disappointed, we cut them with a lot of taste from the same pedal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I already consider me from that pedestal before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"for fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to get a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or like I call it, La Goddess.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Aids Museum of 2014, at MTV, I acted in front of the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star open openly the feminism and make women know the women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics began to be endless arguments whether Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They rating their feminism, instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand the perfection of feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully so much.
We're far beyond sensory and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until nothing remains.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We have to recognize our imperfections to realize, go to action and be a little more courageous.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way of talking about women in their songs until we have changed change affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why does its music have to be so heavy?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justified, it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
These are two gorgeous, decisive and brilliant girls, and too brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they're appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is vibrating as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program treats sexual violence against women as sport, the Game Game.
We can change the radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as boat sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, you're going to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate for you to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization, is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are underestimated, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny us to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to decision-making.
Since we're not memories, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, to people in the directors and producers of film and music, CEOs, legislators, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim with value our feminism, good, bad, or anything.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"says,``Preference will be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because my voice was stolen to me, and the feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids doubled me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that it could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I went into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say, and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then through the border with Canada, infect over 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the children involved in the Debat outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed politics about autism and vaccines disappearing and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that the vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in the time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician he had heard about it believed to develop their entire professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, numbers started to shoot.
Fund collection organizations like autism Australians refer dramatically to autism as an epidemic, as if I could get another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If they're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Atlanta Disease Control, what's going on, they tend to based on phrases like``disability diagnostics ,"and``a better case detection"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't get a lot of the fears of a young mother to look for her two year-old son, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanne, the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1953, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, non-lethal people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey from the panic by memory as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansas speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome while collecting references of places as far as South Africa.
This is not really surprising, because the critic of Kansas for the autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I refused to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once got paid that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was an intelligent man, but part of his theories weren't true.
I classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and disappeared parents.
These kids, he said, have kept carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't freeze.
At the same time, though, Kansas noticed that some of his young patients had special skills who are in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kansas had a bad opinion of these skills, making things like kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard their parents who had been hearing their parents, desperate for winning their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test Kansas's theory that autism was rare.
London Winde, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of network mothers in Kansas was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were very warm and affected people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lora and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They fought a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw left the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were upset in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genealogy of the reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in beautiful, expensive squares, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kansas would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody perceive from these kids before?
But then Loro found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kansas's article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kansas knew about this article of competition, but he avoided dramatically to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, Lord's husband was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of exercise with music, and children follow their games on Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability for life that required compassionate support forms and spaces that are adapted throughout the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic, as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially adequate for them.
fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Judith found that Kansas was wrong that autism was great, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in, suggesting the limited model of Kansas for a broad and inclusive one of Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacks.
coincidentally, when Loral and Judith worked between bases to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out``Rain Man"in 1988, just a small circle, started by experts knew what the autism was, but after the instantant performance of Duke Hoffman, like Ranger Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of academia, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes changes, and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, like they predicted LoroC and Judith, they actually expected that this was, making people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that are deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnostics, a simple, powerful, seductive history as bad as the theory of Kansas that autism was amazing.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum, is right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances, by taking the term``nervous"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand novelty is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, sadly social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zesa Zagas once said,``We need every hand in cover to redefine the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
