You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can put it as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and never nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here to talk to you about circles and Harriet .
And you know that a little bit usually is something you fell somewhere .
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle began in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of the class .
When they went down to lunch every week in the bathroom bath , until a teacher saved me life .
She saved my life to let me go into the bathroom of the teachers .
I did it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s , I felt the need to start working in organizations that fighting AIDS .
About three or four years , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm a lot of adults we never got to know .
You could go to Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I 've got to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I would like to get you with this please . ''
Okay , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we 're looking at her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so as the woman I wanted to know , as an adult arrived , became a box of ashes , and it was put on my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany of what I talked about was present in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I saved her .
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It needs true and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've talked about this .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from the nature and that everything is interconnected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was surprised .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what I was in front of me .
They 're going to get them around <unk> of the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't even more than thinking about a snowflake about another snowflake after year .
They are born when they 're coming from the glaciers or you break the ice barriers .
Each iceberg has their own individual personality .
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them will avoid to give up to the end , while others ca n't put it further , and they were <unk> in a <unk> of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , they 're isolated separate and alone , in great measure as we 're looking at humans .
But reality is all the opposite .
As the iceberg melts , I 'm breathing his ancient atmosphere .
As a iceberg is melts water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I 'm close to photograph these money as if it was treated by the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique times exist in that way , and it will not be going to exist in the way again .
It 's not the death when you fall down ; it 's not a end , but one next one of his path for life cycle .
Some of the <unk> is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100 thousand years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to come up to witness a iceberg .
Here you have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I would like to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and her line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is there .
This is a diagnosis of Greenland , the average size .
<unk> of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is real time .
And like , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby .
So , two partners each of a baby .
I do n't want to cut up too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I do n't give me attention .
Think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome and the sperm corresponds to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X X chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
Both sides , and it starts life .
We 'll go to talk about them later .
In my ground activity will fulfill two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an example of training and what I study in this case is the way people looked at anatomy -- I mean , of humans and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what they 've thought about the body .
The other role that 's going on in my work is the activist , as a patient 's patients or , as I 'm saying sometimes , a lot of people who are doctors .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features will challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with twins <unk> , two people inside the same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much more low than the average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with a lot of operational sex , individuals who are not based on the male and male women .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that would n't be able to get into the ordinary and female forms .
For example , it 's the case of the individual with <unk> <unk> , which is the <unk> gene in the chromosome , and he says to the <unk> , we all have in life , that we all have in the eternal life .
And then , in real life , the testicles produce testosterone .
But because this individual has no transformations of testosterone , the body does n't respond to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone , but without reaction .
Now , as a consequence , the body is developing the world 's typically female .
When the baby was born , the baby 's about a girl .
It 's a child . It 's raised as a child .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes that something is going on .
And then you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , actually has testicles and an chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's about a man , but actually not that .
Women , like men , we have in the body , we have in the body , which is called <unk> glands .
They 're on the back of the body .
The <unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure , I think to be a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to the <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> and we respond to the <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has the <unk> syndrome to the <unk> .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways can be everywhere .
Another example , a few years ago , I got a call from a <unk> guy born and raised as a boy , he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a child , and I had just found it had ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
He had a 20th century , and in the uterus the <unk> glands were so active that , in essence , we created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , their limbic were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone killer component .
He was born with a child ; nobody cried nothing .
And it was at the 19 years when he started to have doctors , caused by the inner solids , when the doctors found that , in fact , was a woman for inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people in the 20th communities develop what you 're known as <unk> , is to say , they have <unk> tissue in tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So there are lots of sex .
The reason that kids with this kind of body are <unk> , twins <unk> , or <unk> , or <unk> surgeries is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason you go through several surgeries is that they 're a threat for our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; supposedly , being black , you want to have anatomy in historical terms .
An amazing idea .
And when you show us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very hard ideas in our culture 's culture .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic movement .
Imagine what amazing is to have children who are born as two people inside of the same body .
The recent case is the year of the past year with the African R <unk> <unk> <unk> , and he stood up in the trial her sex in the Berlin Olympics .
A lot of journalists were called to say , `` What a test are you going to do to figure out whether <unk> is man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain the journalists that there 's no test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and women and women and women , we 're going to solve that line .
So what we 've got is a situation where the more we go to the science , we have to admit that these categories , that we were going to admit that these categories , and it 's a lot more <unk> than we thought about .
And not only in sex .
In terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a nice ground .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimps .
What about the fact of the fact of <unk> of them in just a few inch ?
And as we put in science , we get more and more in a uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all the composition of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States of today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to make a moment from which a body becomes human , and it has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , but I know inside of the <unk> , and when someone is considered died .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of if someone was dead .
As a lot of you put a pen in front of your nose , and if it was still not <unk> .
If I stopped moving it .
But we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to deal with the dilemma of looking at actually the death of someone 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me .
In politics I am progressive , I prefer to people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I was nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we thought about it .
<unk> from the concept of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I am a fervent fan of the blindfold .
I know they were <unk> , I know they were <unk> , but they were great .
I mean , they were so courageous and audacious and so radical in what they did , I find that I find each of the musical <unk> , and not for the music , it 's totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened to be able to keep the keys .
Now , the earliest sunflowers were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and I explain why .
What they did n't have was a concept of a concept , and it was <unk> with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what we did n't know our annihilation was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was about a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right right .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that we were going to be the political power for the North blood of the grandfather , the father and then the son , etc .
Now , this idea was rejected by rejected that idea , and they replaced it for a new concept of the whole way , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They put the whole field , and they decided that the anatomy that matter was anatomy in common and not differences . That was very radical .
And they were doing it because we 're going to be a part of a heart system where they were making two things .
It was raising the democracy and the same time in the same time .
And it 's very clear , if we look at the story of the annihilation itself , that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and so they made the concept of power the concept of power the concept of power in the end of the birth of birth .
They were moving into a concept of mine .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
Do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And in a consequence , they were telling us the idea of the nuclear coincidence .
And when we do that , they were <unk> the foundations of the future movement movement .
They did n't think about that way , but it was great .
And what happened later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , he said , `` Is n't I a woman ? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We see the same thing with the Civil Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the cotton , we have to start asking ourselves to ask us why we keep sure certain people .
But , attention , I want to keep some of these anatomy in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights than a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> in anatomy .
I do n't want to tell the kids of five years , they should be allowed to have sex .
There are some anatomy that for me , and I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why do you keep it and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two things to the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 .
Henry , by the contrary , was born in term : he was born the March March March .
For the only fact that I 've been born three months before he was inspired all the rights three months before he was released all the rights three months before the sexual consent , the right to the vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We 've found other things in relationship to their rights .
Henry , at virtue of being considered man , and I do n't tell you if it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered the <unk> of the MP3 <unk> , he does n't have to worry .
Mary , for his hand , it does n't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So we still do any anatomy of anatomy that in various ways they are and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science was going to be so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy did in anatomy ?
I do n't want to give the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like the science is going down .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example : Texas at the time has decided to marry a man , there 's no one to have chromosome and and to marry a woman there is to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests to people .
But this is also very strange given to the story that I told you to the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founders of the founders of the modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I 'm going to give you a solution . ''
It says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of your skin , but in the content of its character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point to point also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell the people , because I have to admit that I know about some <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve .
And I also want to say that perhaps some of the <unk> I know can take more informed and smart decisions , and it 's kind of mature about their sex relations that people than 40 I know .
So how do you put in practice the content of character content ?
It 's very hard .
And a part of me wonder what if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI MRI .
Are we really going to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important to be very important than the United States is going to be able to turn this current in relation to the subject of democracy .
We 've made a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels attracted for other men is to be killed by being killed , unless it 's willing to be having a sex change .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm happy to say that we do n't have a context like the one of a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had made light twins and so forth .
But when the phone was asked the reason of the operation , a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused and so I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States provides enormous possibilities to people to be who are without <unk> to change the way of the state .
So I think we need to be the head .
Well , to end , I want to say I 've been talking a lot of the keys .
And I want to think about how the democracy would be , or as you could have been , if we had a lot more participation to the <unk> .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think you can have different ideas from different anatomy , in particular , in particular if there are people thinking about a group .
From a few years ago , because I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in scientific difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to social social relations and to deal with those who are <unk> inside of the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
A few years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism , I was interested in feminism , like <unk> me .
`` Tell me what 's the feminism of feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the most stupid question I 've heard .
The feminism has to see with rid of the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female in feminism .
But the more I 've thought about his question , more I 've got a little bit like there 's a little female in feminism .
I mean , there could be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more <unk> to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if they were very open to find the way to protect the people out of the state , it 's possible to be able to have more <unk> to this concept , maybe we would have to lead the concept of protection with support support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we let the democracy beyond anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking about relationships .
So while we try to create a little bit more perfect , let 's think about what we do the ones .
Thank you .
In the year 2007 , I decided we had to figure out how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family will think where you want to go to live and work , has the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , now we 're far away from that objective .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth more than their cost of building .
So we can easily take the world dozens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this can sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But just <unk> by buildings of apartments .
So imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments , they were , and that the other half is , and the other half , the other half .
They could try to increase the ability to perform in all the buildings .
But you know what the problem is that those buildings and the areas that surround us have rules to avoid the shoes and the distractions of building .
So it would be very hard to do all those transformations .
But they could go to a completely new place , building a whole new apartments building a whole new apartments , always and when the rules of that space is going to be able to put it .
So I proposed that governments are going to make new areas of great enough to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities .
Later I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75 <unk> <unk> from his country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask asking what those people could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras happened for a constitutional crisis crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> is <unk> with a platform in which <unk> reforms and the same reconciliation .
He asked her to <unk> that outside his boss .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of met , trial and error , and a great amount of trials with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of the rules , like those rules that say you ca n't go and kill all the circumstances of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes a lot of technologies as of the rules for progress , and usually they are the rules that we eat to go forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` <unk> this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a hotel room in a hotel .
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are , much more valuable than their money cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City . You see , land that , in some cases , worth billions per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract argument , and at some time , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk TEDTalk . ''
And the talk , I described in very simple terms that a city under a developing city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and a choice for people to choose to go or not to live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras I call me , and he said we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to be <unk> and talk about new four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which I had an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport cover over 100 square miles .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> to build a new city , you 've got to start with a place that you 're going to take for least 10,000 squares .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
All the world 's <unk> .
The faces of the public were very serious and infinite .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you , thank you for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk TEDTalk .
I 'm here in my computer . ''
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that they could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to North .
And they also would take new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of the government , they would need aid of countries associated with millions of countries associated , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help us and make the world 's rules , so that they all could trust that the charter that 's effectively .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could be able to be able to be able to take a thousand square miles .
And shortly later , December 19 , they voted in Congress to <unk> their constitution and add a constitutional disposal that could make these special special regions .
In a country that I had had just pass through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress for this constitutional worm was to convince you .
All the parties , all the freedoms in society , the little bit .
By <unk> in the constitution , you have to spend two times in Congress .
The 17 of February was over again in the other voting , from persuading one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to January 24 to February in February , a story of about 30 <unk> , was to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities .
One of them is South Korea Korea .
This is a picture of a new new center of the city that 's building in South Korea , it 's bigger than the Boston center .
The whole thing you see there was built in four years , after they spent four years to get them .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this very practical way , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow you to come , and then would allow you to operate under an external legal system .
One country has already been committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the court of the final system for this new system .
There 's <unk> and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There 's a lot of companies that would want to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people to tell you to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say that you would like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million the year that comes from Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave her family to go to get a job , sometimes they 're the real mothers who have to make money for as just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What do you think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends , I asked me to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before you show you what there 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with the suits .
I love to find , dress , and more recently , I photograph and publish my blog , etc. , colorful and different for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothing is second hand of <unk> markets and shops stores .
Oh , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to be able to meet people <unk> , usually my money is going to a good cause ; I 'm only one , and buy it becomes my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it from my size ?
I 'm like color ?
Is it less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
And then I want to tell you what I was working for this exciting week at TED .
So , what do you bring to somebody who has all that clothing ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought them seven pairs of clothes inside , and nothing else .
Behind a week for exactly a week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after to come up here to Palm Springs .
And you know , I do n't know as the woman who walks for TED , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life , believe , or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to see good .
You almost always see it for least 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , I took 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a brilliant red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you 're going to tell you about the right people , you do n't just tell you , you 're also <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you take inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the <unk> , or I remember their little seven years .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Tuesday : trust is the key .
If you think you do , you 're almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't see you with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inside and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal reality , six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday , a personal lifestyle , and it 's only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tested it over and again when people came up with this week just because I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
It 's obviously not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to give it all .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things .
I do n't need to be emotionally at these things , because around the corner of the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful and brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and I look .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the <unk> of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where is your brain in this scale ?
Some of them <unk> for one of these extremes , but I think that for most of the people in this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great sound in the same time .
It 's not to be another exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider me one of those people , that just like most of the other quantum quantum physicists , we need a pretty logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of progress to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put them to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
And a lot of intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is that it says that one thing can be only in a place .
I mean , it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and I did n't do it very well , it always was .
But I bet you were playing with this parking bar , taught a valuable lesson , and it 's the great things that you do n't allow them to do it , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have the world , except to be a physical physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a physical physicist , because they do n't play with lots of parking , they play with these small particles .
And when they play with their particles , discover that they do all kinds of things really rare -- like you can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
In that point , the physics of a few years ago , you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But they did n't need to describe the big objects that surround us all the days .
That 's not very good to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it does n't fit to my logic .
Because if everything is made of small particles , and all the small particles are still the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel a lot better if I could somehow prove that a common object is also the principles of quantum mechanics .
It 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle .
That 's the piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to expand a little bit . It 's just in the center .
And then here we do a good good thing to the small <unk> of metal .
What we see is a little little bit of metal , with a way of springboard , and it took supported in a platform .
And then I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the great machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to do this audience with form of swimming swimming on the device .
This device has the ability to be in an quantum application , but for it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know the uncomfortable thing to be in a elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm in an elevator , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or actually , a bit of a sense .
Quantum mechanics says that the inanimate objects are in the same way .
<unk> <unk> are not only people , it 's also the light that we think about and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room .
And so we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we have to bring to all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , then we brought up a flaws , and we pulled it all the air , and then we took it to a temperature of less than one degree on zero .
Now , when you 're just in the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act as .
So we measure their movement .
We found that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of fighting perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way I was going to be like a breath of this way -- like a politician that expands , and it takes it .
And I would give you a little push , we were able to do <unk> , and it does n't go to the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really cool .
What does it mean that one thing to be <unk> and do n't let the same time ?
Think about the atoms .
In one case : all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving for up and down .
It 's just in certain cases when they walk up .
In the rest of the time are <unk> .
It wants to say that every atom is in two different places at the same time , what I mean , the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was <unk> in a clean room to do this during all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between a single atom , and that piece of metal is more or less the same thing that the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one only atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic of logic .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of history .
And it 's when we connect it , and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could actually get this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just a lot in a small space .
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics , which is all interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more profound .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that you can , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And I was 18 months ago in Google , until I moved the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss , and it allowed me to make it .
It took me 18 months .
A lot of negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did .
I think my own story is just explains by this slide and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- I 'm not <unk> , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working in Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we form a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
We 'd prefer to show you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken from his launch .
So simply , we go to <unk> .
Look around the museums there .
It 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , the <unk> , the Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the art museum in New York City .
There 's two ways to do that -- very simple .
We click and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Mumbai or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You 're moving around and have fun .
Would you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the top of the top , and , with a click , we walked inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
They continue to go forward .
<unk> .
Thank you , I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> , '' in <unk> <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign sign .
If the museum shows us the picture , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the information of metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this picture , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really got with 10,000 million .
It can be able to do in a very simple way .
You see things fun that are happening .
I love this boy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go down .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that happens there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I went and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
And I had a little bit , I talked to some people of the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called a <unk> .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get up even more deep and you 'll see that you can actually get into the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to get the picture , so you 'll see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now let 's go quickly to jump again at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what happens if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how much Gogh actually created this song ?
It increases it , and I really do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm actually going to get to cracks .
This is `` night <unk> , '' I think I 've never seen that before .
I 'm going to show you another of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things over here , but I do n't have time to show .
This is the great thing . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , it does n't matter if you 're rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that day .
You can online to create their own museum , create their own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , I 've created this function that I call `` the power of the Morning , '' -- we 've just been able to do a fence around .
It 's about <unk> in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , send your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you 're looking at these works .
So in conclusion , I think to me , the main thing is that all the amazing things do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , you do n't also come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium do justice to their artwork , and it 's represented right online .
And the great question you do today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to reduce the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon all .
I have something to show you .
Think about it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm the Italian minister , all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that has happened a very interesting thing in the racing race in the last two decades .
A few time , if you wanted to win a race of 1 1 , I would take a budget , and it would take it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you took your career .
This is what , in engineering , it 's <unk> control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that systems of control systems are starting to enter our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're going to go back to the free air .
And as such , they 're starting to answer differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is something big .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the global population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of the CO2 consumption .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
More than cities , all of these <unk> , and they 're entering our everyday objects .
This is about an exhibition of <unk> <unk> at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` TED uncle . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , you start to tell us .
In the way , it 's like almost all the light atoms , and the actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that as humans have to have the outside environment .
In a way , it 's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo 's <unk> , he says that the end of the hammer took the hammer , and he threw it out of the Moses -- you actually still see a little bit of a little bit <unk> , and she said screaming , `` Do you <unk> ? ) ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to tell us .
And I 'm going to show you just just a few examples ; it would be in the idea of planning the environment and put something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four years ago and a half in Italy .
It was a summer of 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France and France , and the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day looking at the activity on the network .
Here 's the city .
It 's seen in the middle and the river <unk> .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The time line is at the top .
On the early afternoon , there are people around here , and there 's making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> of France . <unk> of Italy .
<unk> , people make a call , and it goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
He 's about Italy , yes !
That night all of us were to celebrate the center .
There you see the great summit .
The next day we were all at the center of the winning team and the first minister of then .
And then all the world came down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> <unk> where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but of things we use and we consume it .
Today we know all about the rest of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how you put it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project we developed a little bit small tags to track the garbage in their shift .
We start with a bunch of volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year , to tag what they were released ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway .
And then we put a little chip , a tag , to the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results .
Here 's in Seattle .
After a week .
With this data , we realized that there are lots in the system .
We can do the same with less energy .
These are data that there was n't .
They 're going on things complicated and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup we did n't disappear , which is still somewhere on the planet .
And if the plastic bottle we took a day still still .
What if we show that to people , then we can promote some change change .
That was the reason of the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked at the beginning .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago .
He all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and said that Spain and the South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that they have a <unk> and tubes , <unk> tubes , <unk> , <unk> .
It 's created as a curtain curtain , with water .
If you fall the pixels you can write in them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain would be open to us , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it .
And they took a commission to design the building to the entrance .
We call it a <unk> water .
All the building is made of water .
There 's no doors or windows , but when you get it up for you to go .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get the ceiling .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days would always be someone in the winter , when you go down the ceiling , someone who was there and he said , `` <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 're going down , but when you 're low almost the entire architecture disappears .
Here 's working .
You see the people who are going on inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to be able to do the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came into the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was not a building that would open to leave you to go , but a building that was still doing <unk> and holes of water , and you had to jump to them .
( noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about the use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is an image of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
So imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
So imagine that they could have small helicopters in the air , and each one had a little bit of a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like we saw before , it moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all that could have a cloud cloud in 3D that you can come up , and they go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form an inch , like before .
When you light light , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them for a person .
We can have every pixel with a entry that comes from people , the movement of the people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best dancing dancers of today , the star of New York City , and the <unk> of <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use it as a entry for the <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , the capture in different surgeries .
It 's both different 3D at real time as it capture movement .
It can <unk> all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the ice , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as possible to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working .
It 's something for the Olympics Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , we could engage the people to do something and change our surroundings , as a <unk> <unk> , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could get all a little bit like a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spent the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time , and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can go to the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this can we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would be something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to go to the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people really remarkable to do this together , in a collective form .
The cloud is a cloud , again , it made out of the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are damaged .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , to be able to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go up there .
As if it was a new digital input at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only a lot of changes in their genes , they could improve the memory -- for a more precise , more precise and faster thing .
Or maybe you would like to be in the best way , to be more strong , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves ?
What about the most good health ?
Or maybe they 're from those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Yes .
How many people would make creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few . It was probably going to have a lot of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you take the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most people . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something about this the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> subject here in the TED Conference , but I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject .
The great quarter of the 20th century , <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense to light . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : it 's just the past , or the future ?
Is it refers to other other ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well in a end , is , of course , the most interested .
<unk> of a common ancestor with the modern chimps about six or eight million years ago .
In the space there has been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone .
We 've been here for a few years .
It could seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in most of the basic Internet of our cells is more or less the same .
Can you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not as human insulin , but it 's the same protein , <unk> , from the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have in the most bacteria that cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , you think , when Antonio ?
The gut is a wonderfully sensible environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , <unk> , a lot .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that can want without effort to want to do without effort .
It 's really like a quick path for bacteria to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out .
But so on , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what is the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something probably better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , the life on the Earth is like a short compass , the animal kingdom , as a only and only <unk> , and human life , a small note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the amazing part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed .
When I just got to college at college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized a fundamental thing : most of the existence of life , in the same cell organisms , every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell , the two daughters .
But when the organisms come up to change things .
It 's going on the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the emergence of the death of the body goes in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I 've got to tell you that when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death of sex , it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with every year I had more doubt .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , which is still in Las Vegas in Las Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night someone hits her hotel .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a beautiful dancer of clothing .
He looks at it and says , `` I came to search for a `` sex soup . ''
`` It 's okay , '' says George , `` I take the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the objective of evolution ; it does n't necessarily ease .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to make us healthy .
I wanted to get healthcare in the disease .
I wanted to live more and more healthy way .
Evolution is going to pass the genome to the next generation , and we were <unk> and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you are like <unk> rockets to send the genetic burden to the next level of the next level , and then let 's go to the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that put it Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not die . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily let longevity .
It 's not necessarily the bigger or the most strong or the faster and even the smarter .
Evolution drives the better creatures to the better creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> , and if there were fish there , the fish of the empty fish , yet , they 've managed to do that a cyborg environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's going on in evolution , and if you go back to thinking about the evolution of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't <unk> .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine , in the first place , we 've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been driven and cut out of the population .
And second , as a species , we 've got our environment for us to make us as well as we adapt to him .
And , by the way , we trained , <unk> , and we 're going to take us so much that it 's not possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution .
One second possibility is that you make an evolution of the traditional type , natural , adapting for nature forces .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when as a kind of <unk> planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution of natural ways .
But there 's a third possibility , an effective possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but we 're going to go to a little bit , and we picked up for us as individuals .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose to the individual level and familiar .
Think that if we could be able to choose to choose not only sex of their offspring , but in their own body to make genetic drivers to cure or prevent diseases .
And if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's or the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to do those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and weighed 13 .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of having ended , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost to a cost of 20,000 to 20,000 .
It 's not going to be a lot to make the human genome for $ 1,000 and more than the rest of all .
They come up .
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make virus that are not only going to protect themselves from themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in the course with the flu vaccine in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's actually today and in the future is going to be more possible .
So imagine then only other two different changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or to change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a more healthy life , remove diabetes , removing the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want more healthy children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to allow us to have <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't we have the ingenuity of a Ken fascinated about everything if you could <unk> the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a more fast muscle muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance ?
Why do n't you live ?
This is going to be a storyteller .
And when we are in the conditions of happening this to the next generation , and we could adopt the attributes we wanted to have become evolution of before you were in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take a hundred thousand years , and we can tell 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , you 're going to have to do them .
Are we going to use these choices in order of a better society , more successful , more successful ?
Or are we going to choose a lot of attributes that we want to do for some of us , but not for each other ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more <unk> ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the most profound of all : we 're going to be able to develop the wisdom and the wisdom need to make these decisions wisely ?
All right or for evil , and before what you could think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a great blast when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
So imagine an engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Okay , I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only thing that I could talk about on flight .
So immediately I looked at it , and they said , `` There 's no problem . I 'll probably make some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken up the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see it .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot was <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Generally that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being in an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . It 's gone .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We 've got this list of things to do before they die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought all of the people I wanted to get , and I did n't do it , all the fences that I wanted to have and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I came to a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person 's there , I 'm going to open .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , it really has changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while <unk> the bridge George Washington , which I was not for a lot -- I really have a great while .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , I 've been trying to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity also to give my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I 've achieved in things that did n't matter with people who know .
And I thought in my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It 's kind of cool .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'll be happy to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the <unk> water .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this in 20 pieces as you see in those shelter .
And as I was <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , they die not a fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for this all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness was <unk> in a only thought , which is , I just want one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing .
One month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- -- I do n't . And scream , like a little bit .
And for me , that was all the reason to be the world .
In that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was given a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , they 're still waiting for you because you think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relations change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , they 're being the best parents that can ?
Thank you .
Clearly , I 've been able to have been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> of the '80s .
One day came to his house after running , and he said , `` Oh , I 'm sorry .
And that was the beginnings of ALS .
Today , <unk> has a total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I 've got a design company and animation like this , obviously , graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to go to Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And her brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk about Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second thing , is n't you that I 've seen Stephen <unk> , is not that all people with paralysis can communicate by those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're going to be an important one , and you have a very good good you ca n't do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Someone saw the film `` <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're going to make it with your finger .
I said , `` That 's <unk> . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to the only wish to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that I did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover .
I stayed with her brother and her father there in the exact time , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk to you , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make their art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who have so much in its inside of your inside . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser carpet , it 's feeling about that and the negative space .
So they go out there making art facilities like this .
All the things that come out , they are part of a cycle of life .
First people start with sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , close to a year later , then a lot of organization and so much to move things on one side to another , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of the safe companies , and we got a machine so that I could be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And actually , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> because I 'm going to talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring to seven programmers from all the corners of all the corners of <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , we moved to the garage garage and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took the control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we did something absolutely stupid , and when we would have taken the frames of walls and in their place would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the top of the Venice walk , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> . And you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun goggles that we buy in the top walk of Venice Beach , some of the copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Labs .
We took a <unk> camera , we open them up , we put it on a light light , and now there 's a device that is free , and we put the code off the software , it 's low in a free way .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no company that says `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And then over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense weeks from all night , Tony came to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking at the support system of his life support .
And we moved to bed for you to see .
And we put a projector on a wall from the hospital in the hospital .
And he went to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to do it in the parking parking way , so we feel like we were <unk> .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was I was in seven years old .
I felt like it had been under the water , and someone finally came to <unk> and take me out there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it great ?
In a way that 's our scream .
That 's what keeps us in movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of an area .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are doing money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong seems something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine told us as one of the 50 better inventions of 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends of closing the <unk> is that in April of this year in the <unk> of Los Angeles , he 's going to have an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of the urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show , which is pretty awesome .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , we can do it possible .
None of what there 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> was possible at the way .
Do it possible -- anything about this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never made anything with technology recognition ; I just recognized something and I was <unk> with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do all the days when we 're going to find something that you have to do . If you 're not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations generally very difficult and at the same time a dangerous time .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous .
It 's very hard to war , hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun to the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous to the end .
In fact , a lot of my career I 've been going to be <unk> in situations in looking at the only objective of trying to look at social issues in ways that they 're thinking , interesting , interesting , and hopefully analyzing a way that you can see and accessible for the audience .
So when I knew that I was going to do a TEDTalk on the world of the brands , and the challenge I wanted to do something a little different .
So , some of you can have heard , or not , a couple of weeks I got a <unk> .
I sent a few messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I sold the rights of the name of my TEDTalk .
What I had was the next thing : `` <unk> <unk> <unk> : my TEDTalk that you do n't have any idea what it is about , and according to the face of the face , especially if I put it into you .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So yet I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If I had asked you a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you .
But in the new film that I 'm working , we looked at the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said before , I 've got myself in horrible situations in the last few years , but I could make me , nothing could be <unk> , for something so hard or as dangerous as you enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to do a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film is going on with <unk> , marketing , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest film never sold . ''
What happens in `` The largest film ever ever sold , '' is that everything on the bottom of the bottom of the end , it has images of brand , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X-ray brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were <unk> by the film , forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's Batman . ) Is that .
I 'm a rifle .
It was `` <unk> .
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X-ray brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to make sure all the categories we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe .
The most cool car that you 've taken in `` The largest film ever ever sold , '' the best drink that you have to have , `` The largest film never sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then besides showing the brands as a part of life , to make them <unk> the film ? ( MS : How do we show the film .
The objective of the whole film is transparency .
You 'll see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film of principle .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the best respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how it 's going to be the people to that .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make it ? ( MS : I do n't know .
MS : A million and a half .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the time that the film is going to look at us as a bunch of idiots .
MS : What do you think it 's going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell them , by the film or for me ?
JK : Both of them .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimist .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah .
MK : We have some places where they go .
MS : I thought , `` Look at the camera , '' meant we have a conversation outside the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` we do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one for one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
Nobody wanted to have nothing to see with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to present the product to so many people as possible , so so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world of today , this intersection of new media , and old media , and the stage of the separate media , is not the idea to count with that new quantum attitudes that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually , no , there was no error .
There was no mistake at all .
This would be fine .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
Watch , when you 're looking for <unk> images in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Sergey . No .
This was the big problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen , so easily understandable ; it 's <unk> by the visibility or information of information , about all of the business practices -- being the final problem that the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our political politicians , the president 's president , even the CEOs .
But suddenly , when it comes to make it reality .
But why ? Well , the transparency day fear -- like that rare bear is still going on .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is risky ?
<unk> a whole <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking about companies and to tell you we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell you to tell you . ''
We want to tell a story , but they tell her story .
Watch , when I was a child , and my father was a kid , and my father had me in some lie -- and there 's he looking at the same one , said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , a agency want to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond , I realized that I 'd have to go through my mind , I would have to take up the diver and go to business myself .
So what I started to see from a sudden , which I started to give me <unk> is that when you start to talk about the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I 've got friends who make big , enormous , giant , giant , giant and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant , they say the reason why their movies have so much success is due to the brands associated with them .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Okay , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest film never sold . ''
How are we going to look at the Internet in the film ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the blindfold .
At any time during an interview , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you .
Maybe you should put you a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there 's one of these great <unk> .
Both of the `` <unk> <unk> , '' like `` <unk> , '' as `` <unk> . ''
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in a bar , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Ze Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's a kind of smaller movies that you 've got a lot of , we 're a very good brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So to do things like this , you know , remind people to people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to you ?
It 's in white .
BJK : That 's a great question .
Woman : Great Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talked about something audacious , cool .
I think , `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and sweat .
They keep it cool .
How do you make you cool more time ? With better people , more people , three times more cool .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , to people like me , to the commons .
They have to tell me about my brand .
MS : How do you define you your brand ?
Man : Huh ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : You know , 80 , <unk> , unless it 's a lot of laundry .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something else . ( MS : unique . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray things and things like this .
It 's generally going to take them out like the sun sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , it changed Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call it <unk> .
Woman 2 : There 's a few of a hippie , in part of <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man four : My brand is FedEx because they make their own .
Man five : There 's <unk> failure .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we do n't all have to be brand Tom , but I 'm often going to be <unk> in the intersection of the dark , <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` <unk> personality . ''
And I found a company called Michelle <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , atheists to discover that personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
One : Tell me a little bit about how to relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people do n't do my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live , like the people around you , your friends , your family , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come up and start in a place , and in my case , they come up and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this with your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like things different .
I like the rare things . I like the rare things .
A : Tell me about `` why , '' for what is that ?
What 's the triangle ? What 's the <unk> phase ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... a little bit more than you , which is not who you 're .
What else do you have ?
You do n't have to be afraid .
MS : <unk> !
Narrator : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job : Great . ) : Thank you . ( MS : Thank you very much .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was lots of madness all this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but I mean , in your head of brand , <unk> <unk> is a <unk> brand .
It 's very good .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only in one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to avoid the things that they 're not safe ; they 're eating the fear , those elements , and you actually get a bit positive and you do something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are ?
The first here is classical , Apple .
And you can see also here to Target , Wii , <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks , all these things that have gone and come and come up , and it 's a very powerful thing .
MS : <unk> <unk> . What is your brand ?
If someone asks you to take your identity of brand , your personality personality , what would be ?
Are you a break out ? You 're somebody who makes the blood flow ?
Or are you going to be more good at a pump ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The investment attributes are like being cool as the Green , contemporary , intimate , adventurous , <unk> , <unk> , very fast , deep or organic , popular , popular , magic , magic , magic or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you going to be a lot more of the descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , <unk> , <unk> ?
You 're reliable , stable , familiar , <unk> , safe , <unk> or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
And over the course of this film we had over 500 companies , and they had over 500 companies , and in fact , they said , `` No , '' they did n't want to form part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to see with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control about the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we get to tell the story in this film of how now they use MRI MRI to identify the centers of the desire in the brain so much for a film .
We went to San Paulo where they 've been banned the advertising .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's not a lot , there 's no posters , nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting up in the schools with problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer , or what I 've had more success are those in the ones I 've been interacting with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> to the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said , maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try it directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to do the people , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? Was it successful ?
Well , since the film was in the stadium Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the film of the film , he went on in January , and since then -- this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , or TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win impulse .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies we talked to their clients is not going to be part .
I 've always believed that if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunity .
I think when you get to the people of that is push to failure .
I think when you train their employees on the loss of the risk is preparing to all their business to try to reward .
I feel that what 's going to happen to move on is that we have to encourage people to take to take .
We 've got to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunity that can <unk> .
Ultimately , I think we have to give it the fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . It 's the risk .
From a <unk> , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately we have to train transparency .
Now more than never a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , it has been presented for my good friends of <unk> who per dollars bought the rights of the name of <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> great data in great opportunity for companies around the world .
It 's <unk> <unk> .
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check to the name of the TED matrix , the <unk> Foundation , a <unk> check for me to be applied to my TED to TED .
The idea behind the particular computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear pump .
Their largest active weapons is the <unk> plant plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes you see are systems of control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that are running speeds and tubes , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes are not using Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a <unk> virus in a laptop , used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind another conversation .
We started with a <unk> <unk> .
The <unk> in the gray box , damage the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> , mission mission .
Is it easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discover this .
When we started to research about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very , very complex on the part of Windows : The <unk> was using multiple prescriptions .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That 's called the attention , and we started an experiment in which we come up with our surroundings and we saw what was going on with this .
So it was very strange things .
Create as a rat rat , which he did n't like our cheese : I wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
I had no sense for me .
And then to experiment with different tastes . I realized , and I thought , `` This is a attack attack .
It 's completely controlled . ''
The <unk> is looking for actively in the gray box , if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program is trying to infect it is effectively working in that place .
If you do n't , you do nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , an energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
So let 's let the target .
So we took up and <unk> the code code , and we discovered that I was <unk> in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed with a lot of people who obviously had all the internal information .
<unk> all the dots to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator gets .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> of mussels is complex and high technology , let me tell you : the payload is very complex .
It 's very much above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code of attack .
We 're talking about 15 lines of code .
It 's quite a pretty old language language .
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we were trying to <unk> the real world , with potential targets of the real world .
We need some theories about transmission that we can pass or <unk> .
To reach thinking about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , must be a valuable white , and it 's surely located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find lots of goals in that area .
Basically it boils down to the nuclear energy plant , and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our customers . ''
I called it , and I ended up in a effort for <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with control control .
It 's that part of a cellphone inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you take the speed of this biologist , they can certainly be able to be able to be able to be able to be a centrifuge .
What we also saw is that the end of the attack was to make it slow , and I think it 's a obvious thing to come back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We 're trying to decipher the digital digital <unk> looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> in that code , you ca n't <unk> .
I started studying scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and I found that they are very precise in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That makes sense , there was a coincidence .
And it became better .
These <unk> in Iran are located in 15 parts called the stages .
And guess what do we find in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands .
And so I have no misunderstanding : it was n't like this .
The results have been over after several weeks of hard work .
It 's still going to be <unk> in the dead ends , and we had to go back .
So yet , we found that both digital digital cells to just one single thing , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and it 's going to turn the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six or manipulating tubes .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've got a certain thing that we 've determined .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We do n't want to worry that other goals are <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is to intercept the values of the entry of the sensors for example , of the pressure sensors and the sensors of vibration and they provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false data .
And believe it or not , these false entry data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies where , during the theft , the security camera is feeding <unk> video .
Is it cool ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> to the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the great turbine turbine , you 've got to open tubes in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And it 's no longer the security system you 'll notice .
That scares us .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It does n't have nothing to see , specifically , with <unk> .
It could work also , for example , in a energy plant , or in a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker -- that causes this burden with a USB key , like we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology for <unk> .
<unk> the most possible .
And if you did that , with what we 're going to do is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for these attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals .
We need to deal with the consequences , and we need to deal with the consequences , and we need to be able to make now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I 've got a question .
Ralph , has been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My opinion is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is <unk> superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately , fortunately .
Because another way , our problems would be even older .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and to give us a little bit of <unk> , or another thing to make users from the wheels and you go back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not nothing different from something that you put in the morning , gives you a great force , which is also increasing its speed , and help it , for example , to manage balance .
It 's actually the real integration of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect with the universe and with other foreign spots .
This is not an awful idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started to talk about the American soldier that , on average , you must take on his back a $ 45 pounds , and it 's why you take it even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , at 30 percent of the soldiers -- with <unk> damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 pounds of variables for a lot of other hours .
Your flexible design , it allows you to make it in order to be able to be able to be able to be able to run out and run movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
Or it 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the fruit users of wheels , about what I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people roughly , in the wheels of wheels , across the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We 're talking about something that 's going on often , very young people , with damage in the column , and they start to start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years old and the wheelchair turns out to be his only option .
We also talked about the population that you 're going through quickly .
Your only option , many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been so during the last 500 years , from his successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had a lesion on the column , and as a result could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It was completely not in the crutches that they send signals to the computer .
Here 's also a little bit of the batteries that give up the motors in the streets , and on the knees , and they 're doing it with this soft , soft and natural power .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life , when , by a stranger jump in the air , ski costs .
In a fraction of the second , I lost all sensation and all the movement of pelvis down .
Shortly while , a doctor entered my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole it up to the last childhood of hope from my being .
The technology of adaptation since then , I 've allowed me to learn to <unk> costs down in <unk> , scale rocks and even building in your hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : You can see the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers , but to Amanda , and all the fruit users of wheels , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the festival of the Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the calcium bonobos in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their closest relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , that lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known by their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done so much emphasis on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by the big guys , I think , the democratic society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where violence is still not observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> jungle , and it 's been very hard to study them .
The Congo is an paradox -- an amazing land of biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been known for decades and caused almost many deaths as the First World War .
It 's not a wonder that this destruction is also going to put the survival of the Bonobo .
<unk> trade , and the deforestation do n't be able to fill up or a stadium with the bonobos who are in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos you can hear laughter hidden the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` Do the love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to make links and foster tolerance .
With him learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity diversity .
And when you see the game . You see the evolutionary evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> box , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here 's a female , and a young man in the middle of a chase .
Watch what it 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origins of the phrase , `` You 've got it . ''
I just think that in this case , I love it , right ?
Yes .
So the sexual game is common in bonobos as in humans .
And this particular video is really interesting because it shows -- this really interesting video , because it shows the invention of bringing the unusual elements to the game -- like <unk> , and also how the game requires trust , and at the same time it 's the most fun thing .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of the ones that are more <unk> , imaginative -- maybe the place where you 've got the wonder .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young woman , who 's playing with water .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our worlds inside and outside .
And it 's that curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we 're the real king of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo will give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a world more and harder and more cooperation .
The secret is that the key is the key of these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But let 's go back to our own capacity ?
The game is not Sanghamitra .
The game is essential .
And we humans and humans like , life is not just cruel and interrupted .
When you look at the least appropriate playing , you can be the time to be the most urgent .
That 's why you make primates , let 's give us this gift of evolution and play together as we get creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of captain in a fire fire body .
And , in our city , where the volunteers are inspired by a highly <unk> staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to go into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But yet there was a career to foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the fact that I certainly took one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the middle of the night , she was standing out in rain , under an umbrella , in a umbrella , in the pajamas , as his house was in flames .
The other volunteer that I had had just come before , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go back and saved the dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> .
There was a lawyer or <unk> money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who entered a building in fire to save a live live only because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to do the house .
I need to go out , <unk> the fire , and he brings this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I was hoping , but I was -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> fire , and they had gone to the fourth one in looking for a couple of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my burden back on the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the main door .
We got out of the house the treasures for the owner of home where , as I was waiting , his treasure was a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later the department was received a letter from the house of the house , <unk> by the courageous effort to save her home .
The goodness that she watched for the other thing was that someone had reached a couple of shoes .
Both of my calling in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a volunteer fireman , I 'm witness to generosity of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale , but also of acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It 's all the importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're to achieve , remarkable levels of success I would like to remind you this : I do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make the difference in life 's life .
If you have something to give , <unk> now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save life 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence your life 's life .
So they put the game ; we 're <unk> the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a great fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in advance with a very simple idea : modules of concrete from a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly quickly , these became the largest building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 , in 1947 , in 1947 .
It was called the brick of the machine .
And in a few years , the bricks bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that they 've been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
There 's no engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
They made it accessible .
They simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new block of building .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a <unk> world of the <unk> of the world of a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much larger circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally did n't understand it , that the building blocks of our time are getting to the experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each of a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets .
So you ca n't put a wrong way .
The bricks have a colors code .
The green is the way , the blue is the current , the pink is the entry and orange color is the wire .
So there 's only one of you to put up a blue with a green one , and very quickly , you can start to make older circuits .
A blue light with one green light .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a maze .
If we changed the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light .
<unk> this doorbell to create more impact and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and <unk> , <unk> allows us to program using very simple <unk> gestures .
To make it down faster , it 's just a button that makes the pulse is faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world , we 're going to be able to use computers ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of all the days you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how it works a light light , or why the door of an elevator is still open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to the design schools .
So for example , designers without any electronics experience start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have to <unk> .
It 's a few weeks ago , we took to <unk> the designers of the Rhode Island School , that they do n't have any engineering experience , just in cardboard , wood and paper and said , `` Do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> shield that has fear of the darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be everywhere .
That 's why we have open code .
You can visit the web page , you download all of the design files and making them .
We want to encourage a creators , inventors and collaborators because this world where we live , this interactive world , is ours .
So go forward and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking at the environment to focus on the environment .
The distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Guys . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit in charge .
We can -- we can continue to continue to let the video .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology technology is ...
Oh , I 'm the term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I got a initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that we 're supposed to hate , we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like a little bit of peace .
<unk> some members every year and we put them into the municipalities .
Instead of telling you the Third World we sent to the wildlife .
There were great applications ; they worked with public employees .
Your homework is to show the possibilities of technology .
You know .
It 's a fire hydrant hydrant .
Here 's as if I would look at a quote , but what 's really looking for is that someone 's going to be caught out of the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good to fire fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask help for this way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at the time , a lot of last year .
They realized that the city will never put these hydrants down .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something more : that the citizens are going to be able to build the sidewalks right in front of them .
So it did like any good programmer , developed an application .
It 's a nice application that you can take a fire hydrant .
You have to be able to go down .
When I do it , you put a name , in this case he put it up .
If you do n't do it , someone can <unk> .
Or it is , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology technology is doing .
And it stretches in a viral form .
A responsible responsible systems to see this application was realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but so the citizens have been able to have <unk> .
It 's very important to work in the tsunami , but people get the batteries .
So you ask the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens to be able to make the citizens .
And Chicago just put it up to make people come up to be able to clean away when you 're going to get them .
So now we know about nine cities that will be able to use it .
And this has been taken out of <unk> , organic and natural , natural way .
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this does n't happen normally .
The software acquisition takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two months ago .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that I 've done for the normal channels there would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that until the time has left , 2,000 million dollars and it does n't work .
And there 's projects like this in every level of government .
So an application that you program in a couple of days , and it spreads in a viral form is a kind of shot of warning to the government 's institution .
It suggests the government better ways to work , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not like a technology company , but more like the Internet .
I mean , no constraints , in a open way and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the matter of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out we are very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very big community of people who are building the tools for us to deal with efficacy .
And it 's not just for America for America , but there are hundreds of people in all the country that contribute to applications , all the days in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They 've got a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , we do it .
And these people know something that we have lost .
And it 's that if we stop the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that you get crazy , the government is , in essence , in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
The politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government in the end of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it affect the way to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose to take people together to take together .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , a matter of <unk> .
This is the center of mobile health and information .
It 's the place that 's called the call , if you 're going to make it in the United States .
Scott <unk> this call .
He said , `` <unk> . ''
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the doors out of the house , put it very strong music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> . ''
You do n't have that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the New York City City .
One day , this really happened , it comes up with this one , `` <unk> in my cube . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do it ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about a person .
In <unk> , '' everything is public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw it a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
He made the cube . I went home .
Good nights , sweet <unk> . ''
Very simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government of the government to collaboration it .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean to the technological technology definition .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to do and help others .
So , a citizen helped another one , but the government had a key paper .
We connected to the two people .
And it could be connected with government services to be necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper alternative than the government services .
When a neighbor will help another , <unk> communities .
If we call control control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same thing that politics .
A lot of people understand it , but you think you think you 're the entry of the other .
What our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have chosen to a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that the government reflects our values and change our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
It 's why we call <unk> .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps that that we 're doing that that we think about us as something that we do in our against , that other thing , and we 're missing the power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy is sensual .
Because it 's where the real job of government works .
We have to collaborate with the government engine .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a bunch of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report of <unk> pages in response to the <unk> of the <unk> project .
That 's not political activism , it 's a technical activism .
And so that we 've got to tell us to the government , it 's time to tell us what the world want to leave our children .
You 've got to see the enormous challenges that they 'll have to face .
Do you actually think we 're going to be able to go without fix the institution that can act in behalf of all ?
We ca n't manage government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to be possible to be possible to the root of the government , the function of government function .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act <unk> , only we have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 , so I 'm going to say , I am a generation of a lot of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we 're going to talk about who 's going to talk .
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when you face the government problem , they do n't care about making their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They 're the hands of the work to program applications that do better work .
And those applications allow us to use your hands to improve our communities .
It can be washing up a fire hydrant , pull out the garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we always had to have to put those hydrants out and many people do it .
But these applications are as a digital moth that we 're not only consumers , we 're not just the government of government that pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't care .
So I want to ask all of them , when it 's about the important things we have to do together , all together , we will be a crowd of voices , or also we will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is to me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails , prisons , and in the death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that tell you here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have another way .
I say this because I think identity is important important .
So here 's fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can make a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I do n't actually learned this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional American house in a British family dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in the family in the family .
She provides a lot of <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born on the droughts and his experience with slavery , I had a way to see the world .
She was hard , but it was also loving .
When I was a little bit , and I was looking at me and I was a good hug .
I was so strong I barely could breathe , and then I went down .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at it , and I was like , `` <unk> , you do n't feel my hug ? ''
And if I was saying that I do n't , I got my breath again , and if I said yes , I stopped peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is I had 10 children .
My mother was the least 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with it , it was n't easy to capture their time and your attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight nine , I woke up one morning , I went to the room and there were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was the other side of the room and looked at me .
And I thought I was a game .
So I looked at it and smiles smile , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she stood up , went up the room , I took me from the hand , and he said , `` You 're <unk> . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget .
It took me outside and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat up and said , `` I want you to know I 've been looking at you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget .
Then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to be <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I do . ''
And then he said , `` The second thing I want to tell me is that you 're always going to do the right right thing .
I thought it and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , he finally said , `` The third thing I want to tell me is you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , I get it . ''
I grew up in the field , in South rural . I have a brother a year old and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , a day my brother came home with a package of six beers , I do n't know where he pulled it , we got my sister and I went for the forest .
We 're just going to be doing the crazy thing .
He took a fan of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and taught me .
I said , `` No , no , no . It 's okay . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today 's <unk> . And you always do the same thing that we .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I do n't feel good . You can follow . ''
And then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What 's going on ? Take a beer . ''
I put it up with force , and he said , `` Oh , I do n't be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I stood out .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something you probably should n't say .
I know this spread widely .
But I 'm 52 and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be an virtue ; I 'm saying for the power of identity .
When we created the right kind of identity , we say things to the others that actually do n't see it .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother would create all their grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been thrown in the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage .
Now , I 'll try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In the United States we have the largest incarceration rate of incarceration .
We 've got seven million people in real freedom .
And this massive failure , in my opinion , has changed fundamentally our world .
In poor people or black , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of all three black people between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> freedom .
In the urban <unk> of all the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color of the color of color are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , also it 's about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth .
And it seems like we feel very happy .
The politics of fear and anger are doing us believe that these are not our problems .
We 're disconnected .
It seems interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some very curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're <unk> for always if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote .
And if we 're going to take it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before we took the law law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I make kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where he was going to be thrown out of 13 years to die in prison .
We 've got this country prison for children , without the chance to come out .
Now we 're in a process of some lines .
The only country in the world .
I played people in the death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a way , you 've got to think that the final question is , the people deserve to die for the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding if people deserve to die by the crimes of <unk> , but , if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
Death penalty in the United States is defined by error .
From every nine people , it has identified one that 's innocent that it 's <unk> and liberated from the death row .
A kind of error , amazing , an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
It would n't be allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to fly out , you would have to fly out .
But somehow we looked at the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on the Indian story , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time I started at the end of the reconstruction , and he took the Second World War .
Really , we do n't know a lot of this .
But for American Americans in this country , it was a very exciting time for terror .
In many communities , people were afraid of being <unk> .
I was worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what defined their lives .
Now there are older people who come up with me and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're going to tell you talks , they 're speeches . We 're going to talk to people to say that in our history we deal with terrorism .
I 'm asking me to say , `` No . Hi , we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism was going , obviously , with the segregation and decades of <unk> and of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic why we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And it 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've ever done .
All the time we 've got some other .
We constantly created tensions and conflict .
It costs us work . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , the people understood that I could n't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done .
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation , and he said , `` You know , you know what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
It 's never going to be able to do it . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , the intentional and deliberately put them to perform people . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , do n't people , especially if they were in their own majority ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we actually do n't care about these things so hard , the positive and wonderful things are , yet , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my opinion , you need to integrate both things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , which never will go to TED .
Think about them is , in a way , something that 's inside of our being .
It 's true we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . despite being as rational , so engaged with intellectual .
And with innovation , the development comes from not only of the brain .
These things come from ideas for the heart of heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at it not just in the brilliant and exciting thing , but also in the dark and hard .
<unk> <unk> , the great leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for the spirit , a will for being in places of despair and being witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is almost in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , you must write .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to the exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make an identity much more challenging than if we solve these things .
We go back to you .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , about to know Ted Hillis .
These women were just just to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady was called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , it comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to get us back to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes lady . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what do you do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I was just going and just heard it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on a occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Wars was led to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , I wonder that it 's that idea of equal justice justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my discourse .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice injustice .
We 're trying to help the ones that have been convicted .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the money of life , without full freedom for children .
We 're trying to do something about death penalty .
We 're trying to reduce the population in prisons .
We 're trying to end up with the massive <unk> . ''
And I gave it all my best speech , and I 'll end me up and said , `` Huh ! ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Mrs. <unk> leaned up , I put my finger on the face and said , `` It 's why you have to be very , very courageous . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find the way to deal with those challenges , these problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been engaged in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing we 've made .
I think that 's true for all the world on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a person .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belongs to it , it 's not a chance .
Even if anybody kills another , it 's not a killer .
This is why I think there 's a basic dignity in the people who must be located for law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not the wealth .
It 's not .
I actually think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , very exhilarating , you do n't judge us for our technology , for our design and rational capacity .
By the end of course you have the character of a society , not in the way we treat the rich , powerful and privileged way , but by the way we treat the poor , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand fundamental issues about what we are .
Sometimes I 'm sorry . I 'm going to end up with a story .
Sometimes I do so much force .
<unk> tired , like all .
Sometimes those ideas are going beyond my field of an important form .
I 've been reporting these kids who have been convicted of a lot .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my students from 13 and 14 years old , they 've been <unk> for you as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn to someone in what is not ?
The judge is <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night I was awake , I was awake thinking -- for God , if the judge can become something you 're not , you have to have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask something about that .
As I was very late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 student , a small , poor , black , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> , and he said , `` <unk> for my young black customer , it 's trying to be treated as a Iranian woman of 75 years , executive from a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I 've been able to have been behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a nice line on how in this country , there 's no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
On the next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , I was not just the <unk> , but he had sent to the court .
It took about two months , I had already forgotten .
And I finally decided -- `` Oh God , I have to go to the court for this stupid case .
I got to the car , and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car .
I thought this would be very hard and ballet .
And I finally got out of the car . I went to the party .
I was going to go up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was the <unk> of the party .
When he saw me , I came up and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` Is you a lawyer , '' he said yes .
So I came up and saved me .
And let me stop in the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected with my inside , with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I entered the audiences .
When you go into , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you said , `` Mr. Stevenson . ''
I said , `` Yes I went . '' And we started to discuss .
People started getting . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy stuff .
They 've got the police users , the mailbox .
All of course , without knowing how , the room was full of people , all of them , because we were talking about race , because we 're talking about poverty , because we talk about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye of the eye of the eye , I went to see about how I was going and came .
I would look for the window , and I 'll be able to hear all that <unk> .
It was starting to walk over here and for there .
And finally , this old black , with a face of worry , I entered the room and sat behind me , almost on the table of the lawyers .
A couple of 10 minutes later , the judge would take a break .
During the break of the <unk> , I showed him the time , because he had entered the room .
The assistant was sitting on the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black stood up , he looked at the assistant , and I looked at me and said , `` I went to this young audience to tell this young man to tell this young man . ''
I 've come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big , but it folds to justice .
What we ca n't be truly human humans if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
What our survival is connected to the others .
What our discovery of technology , design , entertainment and creativity is supposed to be a lot of yours , <unk> and justice .
And above all , to those of the ones that share this , I just want to tell you to keep your view in the goal .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a clear of the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several possibilities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you will make a effort to make the funding that you spend today in fishing policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty , in the next five years . billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide .
Chapter percent of the speakers do n't get to nothing .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that they 're going to make these funding to make you the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge reduction in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Some of the explanation , you say it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration .
What would you say it is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate of crime has remained relatively stable .
The great growth growth in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war against drugs .
It 's why this dramatic increase in the <unk> population .
And we let me convince the rhetoric rhetoric .
We have three legal causes to lead to people to life to life , by stealing a bike , by small crimes against ownership , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to make the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 're thrilled today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They 're getting the threats for death mortality .
Announcer 2 : <unk> in Somalia . Voice 3 : The police beat gas .
<unk> four : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> , six : social <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami .
Several <unk> : War II . It 's <unk> .
Let 's see it . <unk> . Next . Egypt . Egypt .
Death . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months , <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six days .
The idea is that the media media would prefer the negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day our senses are getting much more data than the brain probably can process .
And like nothing matters more to survive , the first stop of all those data is an old prime of the temporary lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information for something in the environment that could make us damage .
So that 's why of a <unk> stories to look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , it 's very true .
And because all of the digital devices give us about seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world 's wrong in worse .
But maybe not .
Maybe , in change , what 's really going on is that we get them .
Perhaps the enormous progress in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating as a way we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the species of species , the shortage of water and energy ; we do n't have them .
As human beings are very good for the problems , and , in the long , we 've got up with them .
Let 's take the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has been more than doubled , the average income per capita per capita income has gone around the world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we 're living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles assumes that the global literacy happened about 25 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're actually living a remarkable time .
A lot of people forget .
And we 're still going to take it up and higher expectations .
In fact , we require the meaning of poverty .
Think about the United States , so much of the people who live under the line of poverty , they have electricity , water , toilets , television , mobile , mobile and cars .
<unk> <unk> from the rubber century , the <unk> of the planet , they would never have dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot of this is technology , and then , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that I 'm going to be on the technology of the data on this curve , Moore 's Law , and it 's doubling the price of the price to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law during the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- good and bad times , in war and peace , in the recession , in depression , in depression .
It 's the use of rapid computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop to none of the great challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , the curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is actually more fast .
And on this curve , to <unk> of Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The friends of Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their capacity to democratize and personalized production around the planet , the synthetic biology , the fuel , the vaccines and food , our digital medicine , and the IA and the IA .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory in `` Jeopardy '' Watson , from IBM ?
It was stiff .
I sought to the best headline that would have .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy is not a easy game .
It does with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach them these technologies to our students , and in particular , how you can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would have been <unk> .
Now we can point a lot of companies that have already done .
When I think to create abundance , it does n't mean to create a lot of life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that it 's scarce and making it abundant .
You see , the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon Three of the 1800s .
He 's the kind of left .
I joined the king of <unk> .
The troops of Napoleon ate with silver covered , and the same Napoleon , with gold .
But the king of <unk> , they ate with aluminum covered .
You see , the aluminum was the most valuable metal of the planet ; it was worth more than the gold and platinum .
So the tip of the side of Washington is aluminum .
You see , even though the aluminum is the decency percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tied for the oxygen and the <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
It 's <unk> this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They go to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every minutes .
It 's not a shortage of scarcity , it 's what we have .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one of the generated by rejection : <unk> rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
The last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the United States of the United States , the solar electricity will cost six pennies per hour compared to the 15 pennies .
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about the wars for the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan has to write the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , after country Saturn ?
He 's a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet in a 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> water is seawater , the two percent is ice , and we fought for half percent of the water on the planet , but also there 's a hope .
It 's a technology available for 10 , 20 years , but right now .
It comes through nanotechnology , the Mediatheque .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators of the <unk> -- I would like to share with you , he gave me permission to do it -- her technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water to the day of any water , water water , <unk> water , a <unk> for least two pennies per gallon .
The President of Coca-Cola 's one of you who will have a major test of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have a lot of trust that this is , Coca-Cola is to implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation for this technology that exists .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to the '70s of the '70s in the developing world in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior <unk> has better mobile communications , in the middle of Kenya that the president is 25 years ago .
And , to tell a smart phone with Google , has access to more knowledge and information that the president Clinton 15 years ago .
She lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever .
So let 's say that , the things that you and I have paid paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , video , images , images of books and music , diagnostic technology now are <unk> and lose value value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to come up when the applications of healthcare .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> , <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with the ones they speak , and because it has A.I , you can lose blood your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a team 's medical equipment .
Imagine this device in the developing world in the developing world that there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is about 25 percent of health health health health care .
When this device <unk> a RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognize it , to call the health of health and , in the first place , to stop it on the pandemic .
But this is the most force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just spend the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , spending two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds before you 've never heard that you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want to do ?
What do you say ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse will have the most economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And most of the most health , thanks to the <unk> , from a better education with the Academy Khan , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you provide three million members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive healthy ?
What about some voices never before ?
What if we give the oppressed , everywhere they are , a voice to be heard and power for the first time ?
What are these three billion ?
And if you 're contributions that we ca n't predict ?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , led by their passion with a clear objective , you can do remarkable things -- things that had only done the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in healthcare .
And so now , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college professors , between others .
And then hundreds of thousands of people went on and started playing .
And it has been shown to today the machinery of human patterns is better to imperative proteins that the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We 've got the passion of the richness of the <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three new minds that we 're going to have to work in the solution of the great challenges and do what we should do .
We 've got a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in addition .
Maybe they believed that he was given , but it was n't .
They actually pick fish .
And he described one of them as a very good thing .
It was the grouper .
It 's taken a lot to the postwar decade .
Now the fish is in the Red Cross of the dawn .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special .
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> are still saying that they 're going to follow .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : the shift of the waist .
Because I went there in 1971 , in 1971 , in 1971 in the West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could <unk> .
I was a lot of the sun , and I was convinced that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The stadium was surrounded by oil , and , as you can see , of some mangroves .
There was <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the so-called black beard .
And the fishing of this weirdness was very abundant , and it was going for a good time , so I took more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the amount of fish had gone into half .
<unk> at five inches .
<unk> a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
Or it 's , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was focused on the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , I started in the <unk> of Europe made a lot of development projects .
<unk> development was imposing to the countries that they already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , quite ugly , called the <unk> <unk> .
I went out to fish in him , and we did research in the South China Sea , and , especially , in the Sea Sea .
What we ended up , was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the bottom .
And most of the fish are some tiny little bit about some of the remains , remains of coral reef .
In summary , the bottom of the sea came to the deck , and then it was released .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
It 's going to be a solid floor of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat it . It 's ready because they were dead .
I once captured a living .
It 's still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what we collect the fishermen every time you 're going to have a zone where they never have fish .
But it 's not documented .
We put the world , but we do n't remember it .
It 's the starting point , the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to look at this .
On the axis of the axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes in time . It changes because people do things with it .
Each generation will use the pictures , they got the beginning of their conscious life , as a normal thing , and I extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the size of changes .
And at the end of keeping a crazy remains .
And that 's very much we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects the people when the societies are getting killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before we were extinct , it 's little frequent .
You do n't lose animals .
You lose some frequent animals .
Even if you do n't perceive it as a great loss .
In the time , we focus on the big animals , and in a full level of great fish .
They become little frequent because they take them down .
With the time there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they 'll do it because the evidence presented in a way before they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them present , as a captain , and I looked at a lot of fish in this zone that ca n't be used or , generally not using the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , but we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
From there the enormous role that can fulfill a protected marine area .
Because with the protected areas , we really adopt the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't imagine , because the point of starting has been running and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that provides , which allows them to erase their point point .
And what about the people who ca n't do that because they do n't have access , like the Middle East , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and the film you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Bay Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in the Bay Bay , 500 years ago .
And you 'll have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like of `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about what people were in with the film , I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> , why do you go through the images ?
Because it does something that , in some sense , has lost .
So my suggestion , the only thing to give , is to Cameron , to do `` World II '' under the water .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager , and I look at YouTube video .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are making viral and what the importance is that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , subconscious -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very hard .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or of our actions , copper in a part of our world culture .
Anyone can be done famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
It 's over 48 hours to YouTube for a minute .
And , of those , just a little percentage of the other percentage , you get a lot of visitors , and it takes lots of tissue .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators of trends , community communities and a surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
God !
Wow !
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : The last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed out of his house in the National Park of Yosemite .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the amygdala in the bottom of popularity of the last summer .
<unk> did n't talk to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a bow bow .
That 's what you do if it 's named Mountain Mountain Mountain .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this vision that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> and interesting things and <unk> and <unk> to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You 'll all want to go back the weekend , the weekend of week . <unk> , Friday . Let 's do n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> . ''
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency frequency .
Like , `` <unk> , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , I was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other spikes , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this Friday Friday ?
Well , I took her <unk> and many blogs started to write about it .
Michael Clark , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people in making a joke about the video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of the trends takes a point of view , and they share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke , then starts to talk about that and to do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> in YouTube .
So just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the default entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with it .
`` <unk> gifts '' is an animation with a <unk> music .
It 's like , that 's all .
This year you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's rare , you know that there 's a three hours that has seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there 's cats that saw other cats watching the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet of the Internet .
There was <unk> .
Someone made a version of the old .
And then it was international .
All of a sudden , it came up all a whole community of canvas that made this happen to be a joke to something that we can all form part .
Because I do n't just enjoy it , we 're looking at .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted , `` Are you going to double , or `` <unk> , '' or `` <unk> '' ?
What did I have to have written this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days for a minute , just the only unique and unexpected thing can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind of protest that protest against the bills to cyclists in New York , I admit I did n't have been interested too interested .
Casey <unk> : I 'm ready to do the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that will make you circular with the <unk> .
KA : Thank you to the surprise of the surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> , I was able to have five million saw and understand his idea .
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in ways .
And all this leads to a great question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The creators , the creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , a new culture , to which we all have access and it 's the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities in the world , Justin Justin , started on YouTube .
Do n't sell permission to express their ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the features of the old media , just the same of the current media , but we 're going to get the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a final story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still going on .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a <unk> , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country .
Think as the communist come in <unk> , in the fact that his life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , they 're making it .
It 's <unk> in silence .
He died broken for history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met it .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My homework was not to leave that it 's been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of the way to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , I was just 18 years old when her father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life was destined to a single task , the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And then from a four years that challenges the fiction , a boat went out to the sea of fishing fishing .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was hackers , rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother would have a kite with poison .
If we could , we first would take my sister , and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are on that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the <unk> will be able to be in every wave , and the vast horizon .
I do n't remember the hackers that came up with a number of times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and you ca n't go for six hours .
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man that collapsed and died , I end up the journey was too for him , and the first apple I tried , given for the men from the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a little bit of the workforce whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle of the middle class , I do n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the lack of English English areas were embedded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then in a line of cars , working six days , double turn .
So yet , I found time to study English and get a virtual degree .
We were poor .
All of the dollars were executed , and they had a extra strand in English and mathematics , did n't matter what it was to take out , that usually was new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two of the half for school , you to hide the holes of the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there was rare and <unk> on the `` eyes , '' and some graffiti , `` Come on home . ''
A house , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
He was accumulating determination and a voice that was saying , `` I 'm going to be <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I was <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was <unk> every night , but we told us about our day and listen to the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my homework was to be wakes up until their nightmares are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able .
She opened a computer store , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were stuck between two worlds .
They looked up and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic Asian musician , and I 'm going to take it out of the same .
In the other , I was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , <unk> abuse and isolation .
But a lot of received through the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of a lawyer , I was picked up the young school of the year .
And I went through a piece of the puzzle to the other , but their edges did n't fit .
And so I said , `` <unk> <unk> , '' was now as well as <unk> , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about places that I had never heard heard , and in houses that existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use them .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to send the villagers and the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending the day as almost 20 years old , <unk> on the day of every one , and I 'm <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do .
I reminded me I had now the same age that she had when we walked up the boat .
The `` No , '' had ever been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You do n't be what you do n't . ''
So I talked about <unk> <unk> and education , and the <unk> to the marginalized and the others .
And the most frankly talking , it was more <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living in the border of possible .
And even though I ended up my breath , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer .
I had to have another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time it 's good to be an unknown , a half , new in the scene -- and it 's not just so well , but it 's something for what I 'll be grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because I 'll be inside it can easily mean the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is going on , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> .
There was a energy there , a <unk> optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
We signed up to a small group of people for the book , `` ca n't do it . ''
For a year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I was making a giant signal of soup that we all shared .
<unk> to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up .
I took the decision to move to the U.S .
After a single trip .
My granddaughters again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
The 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat him .
No support of his husband , it caused an ounce to the <unk> and bring the cause it was , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
It ca n't happen to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died , to 10,000 miles .
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw her stop the other side .
I knew I had come to me .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around his coffin .
We tell us stories , and we make sure we were still with it .
At the night , a monk came and told us that I had to close to you .
My mother asked us to take her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why do your hand is hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken her hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` Do n't have to be <unk> . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were , and how life happened to us , now we can see that the men who have come to our lives would be frustrated .
The defeat would be easily easily .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the ship .
Who could want that to do that .
However , I fear the privilege of easy , the right thing .
Can I give you a bow in their lives , a courageous thing in every wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could take it and see them safe , I would do .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth line .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian book , `` <unk> . ''
In those days when we Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At the time when I was <unk> , the great British warrior , I had <unk> , I took a bow , and with a <unk> , the floor , he got water .
We do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we did was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a lot .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I 'm going to give you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a breath if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic , not kill .
From a little girl my grandfather gave me her <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magic thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , hackers and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that the mobile phones , the clocks of luxury and the cameras stop that we do .
<unk> our inspiration .
So I went on , I threw this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing .
<unk> books since 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
They put the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes more <unk> .
But what is that ?
I 'm about throwing <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` He puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so , it says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I 'm just a character of the book .
In many times , I got a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to the GPS -- that comes to me .
My little very excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean to magicians and dragons , but that magic of childhood , to those ideas that we 're going to get children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always became exciting .
So , over here , we have to change the iPad to releasing fireflies .
And actually , you light your way on what 's from the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book , and each of the world becomes a little bit of a little bit that I flew into this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In the entire fantasy book has always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> , and you get it for the rest of the book .
In certain of the book , it 's also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into .
Another important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time .
These here are <unk> .
We 've all heard of the <unk> and of the <unk> , but , how many people outside India know their Indian fellow , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been stuck in the cameras of 2.3 for millennia , in an old and a book .
So we 're bringing them back in an contemporary child .
In a story that tries to be today today like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been locked up , forcing the kids , they have n't come to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside , to take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a girl , I had a lot of collections : of sticks , rocks , <unk> and shells .
For some reason you do n't do it .
So to recover this ritual ritual , you 've got to go out and , in a chapter , <unk> a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of crust , and then again .
This way you create a digital collection of photographs that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it 's created this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking .
Inside the kinds of connection between the magic , the Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we asked to have a interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video on and using augmented reality , you see a group of 200,000 cartoons that appear on the inside of the house .
The screen is full of leaves leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to go into a world where the forces of nature is going on with technology and magic and technology is coming up with another .
<unk> energy .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sat through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many of the <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop to listen to patients .
And one of the things we did at the <unk> University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients , family and known .
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what all , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , so we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a switch on it .
All the morning I get me .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to reach 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connected , sends my data to Google Health .
And my medical doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time we needed care of <unk> or some urgency of that style , but he looked back .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than four followers on Twitter .
So every morning I would link to my scale , and before you come up to my car , people starts to tell me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing you can go , because it 's pressure pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for the patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move to the people of their chairs , and together we develop a lot of recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week being available .
This little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people can be able to be able to be able to take their blood pressure , you 'll go to your doctor , and I share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where the patients assume a position , they come back to recover control and to be captains from his own ship , but we can also help care of healthcare because of the challenges that we face , as the shot of the costs of <unk> attention .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage the patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but also by the fact .
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video .
We all have the sound of navigation .
Maybe we have even in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the machines are in <unk> .
So where are all the <unk> .
And of course , we can find chains of fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked them , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where you get the <unk> saves lives at this time .
What we did was to do is to make the Netherlands in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that : If you look at a <unk> , please <unk> where , and when it 's open , because sometimes you open in the workplace and others are closed .
And over 10,000 dollars , they were taken in the Netherlands .
The next step was looking for application for that .
And we made an application for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of the <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks to use his phone phone to find the closest <unk> , what can save lives .
And from today , I would like to introduce this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we would want to go into the world level .
We are <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , working and acting as a center for the size of the <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on a vacation and somebody else can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And I also want to invite companies around the world that could help us have to consider this <unk> .
They could be <unk> services or mobile people , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in their place .
Please help us care about this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share photography . ''
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they are photographs that ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest for the photograph is woke up with my first digital camera to 15 years .
I joined my previous passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because of the use the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when you 're going to push it up .
To me the photograph of me , I had more to see in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do that .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that I would start to push it out .
We 're going to take this : a building in a very <unk> road .
But it has a unexpected twist .
And despite it , it keeps a level level .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful and colorful objective of keeping the car level .
And when I say , I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
So we 're going to have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to be able to be able to capture an idea that I 'll capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes it seem real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Would you get the light ?
What is illusion ?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective .
But the end is about our way to perform the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality that we took different pieces of reality and we get them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you an example .
Here 's three beautiful objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So let 's take the brain because the brain does n't have the fact that it does n't make sense .
And I see the same process to combine the photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture sounds , I think they 're those in the ones that we do n't even think , the things that surround us in our daily life .
But when you combine photographs , it 's very important to think about it , because of the other way to be wrong .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will keep to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photographs must have the same perspective .
Secondly , the photographs combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are getting with these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to tell the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect struggle .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is .
This is another example .
I could think that this is the picture of a landscape and the bottom part of the bottom .
But this picture is completely composed of photographs of different places .
I think it 's easier to create a place to create a place to find , because you do n't need to make the ideas that has in the head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in winter , I knew that I had a number of months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even did the house the top of the top of the island so that it looks more old .
So to make a realistic result , I think it 's missing planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then there are to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very good .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please do it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I do n't have to show you the details , but the general thing .
It 's about a analysis that we 've been doing about the power of the microprocessors , versus the power of the local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many of the other we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line in scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude on the scale scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something odd .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights .
It 's more intensity because I write on paper .
Why do we build technological curves in scales ?
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some of the time , and this would be any measure of technology that I want to draw , the diagram would see something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , in a <unk> curve , would be very silly , you see a straight line .
But if something like this , it 's a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation is so quickly as fast as you could take a taxi and be in Tokyo at 30 seconds .
But we do n't go to that rate .
There 's no unprecedented in the history of the technological development that every few years to make orders of magnitude .
The question I want to do is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes .
<unk> one of two things .
Or you will turn into a typical curve , I know like this until it comes to something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm an optimist , so I think maybe something like this .
It 's going to be in the middle of a transition .
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and I wonder , is : What is that new way that takes the world ?
What new state is the world ?
The transition seems very , very smooth if we 're stuck in it .
I remember that the future happened in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what happened in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has been saved , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something that 's happening .
And we can feel it . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot to think about 30 or 50 years , because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today .
So I want to talk to you about how it could be , how could that transition to experience .
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things .
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on the Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So let 's go back a few billion years old when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that would give her around .
If you look at the way that we organized those chemicals , we give an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it is , at the time , there was a little bit of the oil of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside .
Some of those oil balls had a particular combination of chemicals that made them make materials from the outside , and so they grew up .
And they started to divide .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms ; those of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them had a random host of chemicals .
And every time you 've been divided by <unk> an unequal distribution of the chemicals .
So each of them was a little different .
In fact , the blobs that you 've got to be better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around , they were growing more , more chemical , and they divide more .
Generally , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things are interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways we do n't understand that very well , they were able to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe of the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , we 're going to be <unk> in this evolution without a sense , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved about two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same same system .
In fact , every living is expressed by exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did only for fun -- we can write things with this code .
So here 's a hundred <unk> <unk> that I try to hide the security people security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and it was <unk> 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone in this -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , you would have put it into a virus and it would have spread out of the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells were happy other billion years .
But then there was another great step to what things are very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicating information forming the cells of cells .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , evolved the resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place to be able to train communities that , in a way , they were together on that , and they had a synergy .
That way to survive or failed to put together , or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community would go more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities were going to come up , in fact , they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community .
The next stage of life took other billion years ago .
And in that stage , we have a city communities , communities of many kinds of different cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't matter without the heart , or the one of the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels that the cellphone , something we call a organism .
The next level happened inside these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't make information in community .
They are the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started in the middle of the community being the responsible structures for record , understanding and transmit the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not at the time period .
So a organism could , for example , learn to do not eat any fruit , because I knew bad the last time they ate .
That could happen for the life of an organism because before they had built these data processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years per day of individuals who ate that fruit fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system we build these data structures , I grew up the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals found the trick of communication .
So for example , the most <unk> version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea a little bit of an idea , in the head .
I 'm sitting here , I 'm sitting in a bit of <unk> , and I 'm lucky , building a similar idea , reflective , <unk> , <unk> , in their heads that keeps some analogy with me .
But we took a very complicated thing to turn it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowed to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to perform abstractions .
Now we went through periods similar to the city organisms ; we 're going to be able to record our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
telephony , computer , the computer tape , the ark , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to manage that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
They already saw the evolutionary story of <unk> in which there was some evolution of evolution with the <unk> program .
And now we have accelerated scales .
The first stages of the story that I was told was taken a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next thing , the language etc. , took less than a million years .
And the next one , like the electronics , it seems to take only a few decades .
The process goes through , I guess that <unk> is the right word to name something that keeps their own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we look at this blast blast .
We see that the process goes through .
But I make life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for us would n't be possible without the educational advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to be impossible for me .
I do n't know that every transistor in that machine machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the <unk> designers , we think about a abstraction level , we put it on the machine and the machine with that something that you could n't , it 's a lot further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes a methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , I 've been using it lately , is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds .
And for example , in the extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please a computer , you can run a hundred million random video sequences ?
Can you run these random instructions , to perform all those programs , and to take those more to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say , `` I want to tell numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we find the programs that most people come up with numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely to some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But , fortunately , I could see two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that best did the homework ?
<unk> those and <unk> the rest .
And now , let 's take the best thing that we 'd better give the numbers .
And let 's go back to a process of analog analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , and the children would take the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of the combinations of the combinations that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please do the process . ''
<unk> again .
<unk> some mutations .
And it 's trying again and <unk> with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complex cases .
By the end , we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they are a lot more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to look at how to see how they work .
They are dark , strangers .
But they 're getting the task .
In fact , I know , I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
I once was going on a 747 in a 747 , and it takes a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , <unk> planes has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer a safe flight . Do n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make design design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than what the normal engineering produces .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that way , it 's going on in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs a lot faster .
Or it 's it .
The thing goes every time faster and so I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all of these technologies come up .
We 're going to take up .
And we 're at an analog moment to the basic organisms when they were gone .
We 're the roads and we ca n't understand what the hell are creating .
We 're at the inflection point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to our part of our part of the evolution of evolution .
And I think we all are part of the creation of what it comes .
But now it comes lunch , and I think I stop here before I got it .
I think we have to do something with a part of the healthcare culture that must change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've donated time enough to allow me to give me a part of my false psychic .
Before I tried to treat my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why do n't you ?
We 're close to the end of the end of the end .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out , `` <unk> rules . ''
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball to the field of play without being stuck , and anybody who 's going to take them to the first base , not time to come up .
Three of 10 attempts .
You know how to call a bunch of 300 in the Great <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know how to call a baseball baseball ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strokes , they beat four .
<unk> -- as Ted Williams , the last one of the 29 Williams , the last one of the League of the League of <unk> would have more 400 or a regular season .
Now , I 've got this to my world of medicine where I 'm much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you 've been arguing , and they 're a surgeon that has also a record record in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a glass place , and one being wanted to have two heart heart arteries , and his family 's family took up to a cardiologist whose record record is about 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's getting better .
And they have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think about you should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> ?
A thousand , very good .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a lot .
What we do , however , is to tell the world , and I 'm like , with the mandate to be perfect .
That 's never , ever , I would make a bug , and I 'll be able to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was doing when I was in college college .
I was a <unk> student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Sachs was saying to a blood exam .
Perhaps .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the United Nations of the General Hospital of Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my anatomy of anatomy , I got the origin and the muscle work , the sanctity of every artery that comes out of the shoulders , the cheap differential diagnostic .
And I even knew the Human diagnosis of how to promote <unk> <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was very good . I graduated with a bit of a bit .
And it 's <unk> in the medicine of medicine with the impression that if you 're going to get it all , then would know everything , it 's close to the whole thing , because I 'm going to care about the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met my lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency lady where I worked .
At the time , I was given to a baseball service .
And when I 'm doing a cardiologist , I had to go to a cardiologist .
And they report the head of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was a lot .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound in both sides , what I was told by a heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart leaves to work , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , this is blood , and so there 's a difficulty to breathe .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it and I started working on the treatment that would give .
And I gave him a lot and medication to alleviate the pressure in your heart .
I gave them <unk> , the water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And there was when I made the first error ; he sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't cut the phone and I did what I should have done , I was to call my boss and <unk> with him .
And if my boss would have seen , it would have been able to bring up the psychological information .
Maybe I made it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that makes it constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second error I made was worse .
When we send her home , I do n't want to a voice in my inside that I was saying , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse that I loved the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse , I thought , and then he said to total , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance came to his house .
And I went back to the hospital in the hospital .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad picture in the stomach .
But I kept on my job .
At the end of the day , I went back to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking , where I was my car to go home . And I did something I do n't do normally .
He happened for the emergency service service .
And there 's another nurse , I do n't know about the lady , <unk> , but another . He said three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors are afraid .
Other specialists are afraid , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's we see the patients .
The three words are : Do you remember you ?
`` Do you remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other nurse with total naturally .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and the end of the death .
After an hour of having come to her home , after I gave her the high , he suffered a collapse and her family called 911 , the neighborhood brought to the emergency with a blood pressure of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I just barely breathe and was blue .
The emergency staff put all their resources .
They gave drugs to climb up the blood pressure .
And they put a artificial application .
I was <unk> , and they pushed up to the spinal cord .
I had a mixture of feelings because then the <unk> was in intensive therapy , and I had hoped against all hope that 's going to stop .
And in the two or three days , it was clear that never <unk> .
He had a sensible brain damage .
The family came together .
And in eight or nine days , it 's <unk> what was happening .
And the ninth day , he stopped going . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say that they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm going to take it up for it , and I experienced for the first time the shame shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that positive shame because you ca n't <unk> with your colleagues .
You have to do it and never more make that error .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
Shame 's shame I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad for inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was a secret .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that I 'm going to get the things and made sure I do n't care about me .
And I kept doing those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he sent her home ?
And in my worst times , why did I made a mistake as dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Soon to a little bit that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And in a day , I opened the sky , and finally , the sun , and I wonder if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with me in which if you 're going to take the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to make more mistakes , would make these voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it turned to happen .
Two years later , I was cooking in the emergency department in a community in the north of Toronto , and I got a man of 25 years with an pain in your throat .
I was very busy .
And he stood up here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He was <unk> out of penicillin and sent her home .
But while he went to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard change , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I made three words : Do you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in your throat ?
So he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
I had a <unk> condition called <unk> .
You can look at Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but the top air goes higher , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , he did n't die .
It 's been antibiotics for it , and they recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then I went back and went back and went back and again , and again .
Two times in the same turn of the emergency world , it 's not <unk> .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were <unk> to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't come home , and I do n't think it 's been a politician .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculus .
There 's an X-ray of kidneys , but it was normal , a colleague who was looking at the patient , some sensitivity in the bottom right right , and he called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
And the liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it .
I looked at it , and when you see some sensitivity in the lower bottom right , called the surgeon .
Both of them were involved and they were born .
But every case I 'm <unk> , I 'm like myself .
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a crap .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
Just , shame and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't go to me and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> , I tell me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them , so that we do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I go back to a place like this , I would n't have any idea of what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in one party will listen to the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , trust me I 'd have difficulty on looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
Nuclear denial of denial .
It 's the system that there are two positions : the ones who make mistakes and the ones who do n't sleep and the ones who have a lot of outcomes and the ones who have great outcomes .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , as antibodies you start to attack that person .
We 've got the idea that if you go through medicine to people who make mistakes , we will be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about spread and journalism , I 've done a personal study of bad healthcare and medical mistakes to learn how we could , from the first article I wrote for the Star literature to my program : `` White <unk> . ''
And what I learned is that the mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where the mistakes happens every day , in which one of every 10 drugs , in the hospital , they 're wrong , or not right . In a system where the infections are increasingly , and more importantly , causing chaos and death .
In this country , they die 24 , Canadian doctors for real doctors .
The U.S. Institute of Medicine were set up 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A nonprofit system where knowledge takes up every two or three years , and we do n't care .
<unk> sleep .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect record of a patient with pain pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with an pain in the chest , it comes to <unk> eyes , and I got married to alcohol , and suddenly my story was <unk> .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things like .
And my patients are not cars . It did n't make their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professionals to be error , well , I would n't get anybody .
And with it that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white , art , '' is already a way to say , `` This is my worst error , '' I would tell everyone , from the neighborhood to the head of heart surgery : `` This is my worst error , '' blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , and let 's go to the head of the head and they start to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , you want to share them .
<unk> power said , `` Look , I do n't make the same error . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need to need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
Now , what 's a human doctor , you know human , you accept it , and it 's not proud of their mistakes , but it 's willing to learn from what happened to teach others .
It understands their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
It 's <unk> the mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting to get , but in a loving way , and they all benefit .
And it works in a healthcare culture that recognizes that human beings are going to be the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes in time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a self-organizing doctor .
I 'm human .
And I 'm a lot of it , but I got effort to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we have a day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
A little bit recently made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of election that says to pick an American American .
It does n't do a lot , in a research research for a week to a group of companies .
The researchers had the different homework tasks for these executives and the time that we were trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , in average , <unk> <unk> jobs .
Well , you know , each of these worked with lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time .
Now think about their election .
Do you know how many of them are going to be the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How do you choose the way to make those decisions ?
Now I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the world : choose to the lack of options .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When you do a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
In the other way , when you do a question , if your answer is positive for favor of favor .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of options .
Thank you .
Now , I 'm a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high supermarket , at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to a success park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and Iraq , more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water water , and this was when we were <unk> water .
I loved to go to that store , but I 'm on a occasion , why never buy anything ?
This is the shelf oil .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones who were in a sealed box that came from there .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked her , `` It works this strategy to offer all these choices ? ''
He would signal the buses full of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> . This is the one .
hallway .
They had <unk> different classes .
It 's going to be <unk> , just to the entrance of the store .
We put there out of six tastes , or about 24 , different tastes , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop ?
More people were stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , that when there was just six , 40 percent .
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a jar of applause .
Here 's the opposite effect .
So they were stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy .
And so I stood up when there were six , we saw that 30 percent .
If we do the calculations , people have six times more likely to buy if they were six .
Well , let 's decide we do n't buy , you probably have a good thing to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the choices of choices is going to affect us good .
We decided to do n't decide , even when this is not .
Now the theme of the day : saving financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions about savings for retirement for a million Americans , in between a million plans of this country .
We were interested in looking at if the number of funds are available in savings plans for retirement plans , the offer to people to save for the future .
And we found that I actually had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans , to 59 choices .
And we found that the biggest age of funding , there was less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funding , the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more , not as high as you want .
And in the plans that they would provide about 60 funding , the rate of participation came to the 200 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , so , for those who decided to participate , the most people are the number of options , more people are <unk> to avoid actions or investment funds .
In the way there would have more options , they were more willing to invest in market market industry .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we 're going to do to optimize the well-being of the future of future .
In the early decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences to deliver more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we 're going to make the decision , that the <unk> even when this is going on against the self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up things less likely to pick up things .
The main reason is that we 're going to be able to look at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , personalities and applause , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , and to choose to pick up that amazing show .
Now I want to tell you about four simple techniques that we 've done , in a form or another , in different research , so that they can testing in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard you before , but it 's never been more true than today , that 's less .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you decides to cut up , get rid of some strange psychological choices , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in the election .
When I was <unk> , I spent from 26 different types of <unk> and <unk> , you saw an increase of 10 percent in sales .
When the New York corporation described the products to get out of cats that are less sold , they were saved by 87 percent , for two causes : largest sales , low sales .
You know that the supermarkets of today , the average offer 45 products .
In a store of Walmart , they offer a thousand products .
But the seventh store in the world is <unk> , and it provides only <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world 's savings savings , I think that one of the best examples that have emerged about how to drive better choices , is the cartoon of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are <unk> to a safe rate of life .
You 're really going to choose to pick up , they give them 20 funding , not 300 or more .
You know that often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices .
The first thing I do is to ask our employees , `` Do you tell the differences that are among those choices .
And if their employees ca n't differentiate , you ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking about Gary .
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience on a vacation audience with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the flaws .
( few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are n't you ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually got to hear more hands .
All right .
In reality , you had more information in the first round , which in the second round , but I can <unk> and say that the second time was real .
Because the images were doing it .
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of options .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and the consequences should be feeling very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when you use your debit cards or credit , when it uses cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it a real real thing , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We made a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> of <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were going to have to make a mate .
That meeting , which is exactly how they were used , we did a small addition .
What we added was that we bring to the personal thing that you would think about the positive things that would be in their lives if they were more money .
With this <unk> , there was a increase in the 20 percent of 20 percent and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can manage more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study that we did in a picture of journals .
We saw that in the supermarkets of <unk> 's throughout the corridor of the northeast , the exhibition of magazines can contain from <unk> different kinds to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because the classification tells me how to do it .
These are two samples of jewels .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think of the left is <unk> and the on the right is <unk> , you 'll go back .
( few applause ) Well , there 's some .
If you think of the left is <unk> and the on the right is <unk> , you 'll go back .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification of classification is completely useless .
The categories have to tell you something to choose , not that the defines .
You often see this problem with these enormous lists .
I 'm afraid of who they are ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can actually manage a lot more information than what we think , if you just make it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I want to say .
Let 's see a very complicated decision ; it buys a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows us to make it completely .
You 've got to take 60 decisions , to put the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that provides each one .
<unk> , sand outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
<unk> , of changes ; four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order that are going on .
So the half of customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors , a few colors , four boxes .
The other half of customers are going to go out of a few options , four boxes , <unk> colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
What 's so involved .
If you 're going to be always the button for a defect in every decision , this tells you that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're missing .
And we found that you 're going to have a lot of choices to a few choices , put the button a button and again , and again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was to alter the order that shows the information .
If we start with easy , you learn to pick up .
Even if you pick the box of changes , I do n't tell anything about the preferences of light bulbs , in all ways we set up to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more focused on the process .
To summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options : <unk> , removing strange alternatives -- <unk> , do it real , we can handle more categories with less choices ; we can manage complexity .
All these techniques that I 've presented them were designed to help the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is to be careful to pick up .
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the '80s , in the early East Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to write to the government .
I had to record a little bit of an example written with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they were a letter with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the point of the idea .
In the West , we do n't imagine that someone could do this , so much that this is going to be <unk> the freedom of expression .
We never do that in our countries .
But now , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and it takes a page , that page I 'll end up having some yellow dots on each page , and they 're going to end up with a pattern that makes it in one and a printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody looks like a lot of this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments are using technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If you see what 's going on in the world online , we can set up the attacks in the world .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. <unk> <unk> in the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
It 's very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money , lots of amounts .
There are actually many cases of livestock online , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Drew <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Bezos .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys do their online online , but they 're doing it by illegal media by using banking to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or your keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a computer computer .
The secret service of the U.S. , two months ago , he wrote the Swiss account of this guy , Sam <unk> , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. <unk> is going up ; they did n't know her stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is that any of us is a victim of a <unk> than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that it 's wrong in worse .
In the future , most of the crimes going on online .
The second group of Bezos on the importance we look at today is not motivated for money for money .
There 's another thing that moves it , they motivate the protests , they motivate their opinions , they motivate laughter .
groups like Anonymous have been <unk> over the last 12 months ago , there 's a wonderful paper in the online attacks .
Those are the three main Bezos : criminals who make it for money , the <unk> as Anonymous that they do for protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
<unk> the security of the site , and it 's a <unk> .
Last week , I said , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they 've been able to find the death of people to cause the death attack .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> .
Why do we make it ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except to <unk> a foreign authority .
And that 's the <unk> certified .
And in the case of course it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were inspired by the police <unk> police in April of 2011 , and during the shores of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder , there was a company of a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian Egyptian government to intercept a big scale of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 150,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
It 's right here .
Or the Western governments can provide tools to government governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by the government of the German government to research their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a particular criminal case , it 's quite obvious that his phone is <unk> .
But today 's going beyond .
The Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the arguments online , to get our data .
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems a bad thing , but actually it does n't affect me because I am a honest citizen .
Why do you worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's about privacy .
The privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today , in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , to be forever .
<unk> in any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that are worried about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of the National Park of Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have in the most part of the south , what it means is that wild animals like , and they were living out of the park out of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
<unk> our cattle .
This is one of the ones who were killed by the night , and we 've got up in the morning , and we find it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only one we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up a lot to lions .
They died are the warriors that protect our community and cattle , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So killing lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in the National Park of Nairobi .
One child in my community , from six to the nine years , it 's responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this was not allowed , because I even got the lions to see the presence of the far .
I did n't give me . He continued .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
It was trying to describe the lions for they believed that I was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came up and said , `` This thing is not moving , it 's always here . So I went and killed .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch to the way to turn into the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar panel load the battery , and the battery would grow electricity to the small box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the <unk> lights .
As you can see , the <unk> will go outside , because there 's where the lions come out .
And so it 's how you see the lions when they come from night .
The <unk> lights , and they were educating the lions for you to think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to having trouble with lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , the lions and I asked me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've been built in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to respect to other predators like the hyenas , seals , and it 's also using the elephants of the window .
Thanks to this invention , I had the lucky fortune to get a scholarship into one of the best schools of Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funding and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , it was just a child in the savanna of the savanna , the cows of my father 's cows , and I used to see airplanes to fly , and I told me that some day would be inside one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : I do n't imagine the exciting thing to hear a story like yours .
So you 've got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working in other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one in your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical close . CA : One near electrical ?
<unk> : I know that they already invented the electric organs , but I want to do mine .
CA : You know , I 'm going to do it once , right ? And you know , <unk> : I 've tried to do it before , but I 've got a <unk> . CA : When I got a <unk> .
We 're going to be <unk> in every step , my friend 's friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we ended up all the time in the history of Kim <unk> , but we never learned the rest of the world , except to America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I was sometimes asking me about the rest of the world , I thought I spent all my life in North Korea , until everything changed suddenly .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
He said , `` When I do this , the five members of the family 's going to stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a little time , when I walked in front of the train season , I saw a terrible thing that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child in his arms looking at his arms , looking at his mother without able to do anything .
Nobody gave them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine is going to take North Korea in the middle of the 1990s .
At the end , more than a million Koreans died during the hunger and just a few survived eating grass , insects and cortex .
They also made more and more common power of energy , all my whole was completely dark in the night , but by the sea light in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always asked me why they had light and we do n't .
This is a picture of North Korea in the night compared to the neighbors .
This is the <unk> River , which is from limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very smooth in certain points , allowing North Koreans .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of the hunger , I was sent to China to live with their relatives .
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I did n't have any idea of how life as a refugee refugee .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely hard , but it also dangerous , because the civil refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a fear of my identity that my identity was <unk> , and it would be <unk> to a awful destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became reality , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I was <unk> in the police season .
Someone had told me to be <unk> , then <unk> my skills in the Chinese language , and they did a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it was n't natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and I said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a officer said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are looking for foreign houses .
But many can be arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured , they were eventually released after a hard international pressure .
These Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured , <unk> or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , all their world can be <unk> in a moment .
It 's why , after 10 years to hide my identity , I 've decided to stop going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in Korea was a much greater challenge of what I hoped .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start to learn my third language .
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and South .
We 're all the Koreans , but by inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide .
I even started a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
All of course , there was no country I could call with pride pride .
Even though you were going to go to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the exam exam .
Just when I started to <unk> my new life , I got a called alarming .
The North Korea , <unk> something of money that sent my family , and , like punishment , my family was going to be moved to the force to a location to a outer location .
They had to run out immediately .
I started planning how to help them escape .
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China , and I went back to the border of North Korea .
So my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to take you , somehow , for over three miles through China and then through Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and I almost had caught a few times .
Once , our bus was stopped , and I 'm going to try for a officer of the Chinese police .
I got the identification of all , and he started asking questions .
Like my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came up to my family , I would buy me on foot and I said they were <unk> .
I looked at me <unk> , but fortunately I believed .
We did all the way to the border border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the guards guards in 1961 .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for cross the border border .
After paying up orders and bribes , my family was liberated in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the most low dots in my life .
I made it all to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison to short away from the Embassy of South Korea .
I was going and came out between the immigration and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or shortcuts .
I lost hope .
At the time , or the voice of a man wonder , `` What is the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a unknown person would ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without a doubt , the man was to the machine , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans .
I read it with all my heart , and I asked her , `` Why do I ask me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unknown <unk> is a new hope for me and for the people to be able to be the most we needed .
And I showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are actually the hopes of hope that the <unk> people needs .
Over the time , after our long journey , my family and I came up in Korea .
But getting their freedom is only half the battle .
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families and when you go to a new country , they start with little or nothing of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , of work , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with familiar with family , and we 're going to give up information and money that is helping change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help America an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world , including at the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> .
So the planners of the city came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else , so they changed the South angels , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South angels . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> .
As we were <unk> million other Americans , live in a food desert , the L.A. Center , home from the food places to lead and eat in the car .
The remarkable thing is that the food places to lead to more people than food in the car .
People are dying of <unk> diseases in the L.A. .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I 'll stop to see that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of home , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I look at wheels and they sold as used cars .
I 'm looking at <unk> centers as Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
In addition to me , I got tired of driving 45 minutes to go back to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a field of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 meters x three .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what you come in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , Green Green , we get together and we started to plant our forest forest , trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of a bunch of paid a bunch of paid money in advance of all of the benefits , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city stood up on me , and in short , I gave me a <unk> , saying that I had to take my backyard , the <unk> was made .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
So an order to plant the food on a piece of land that nobody matters ? So I was like , `` Okay , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had been written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members , who had a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , we went a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> , I even call it to say that we 're going to be able to do .
I mean , we go , why do n't you ?
L.A. is the city of the United States .
It 's about 68 miles from <unk> land .
That 's going to 20 o'clock in Central Trek .
That 's enough enough to plant <unk> millions of tomato plants .
Why do n't you like this ?
<unk> a billion , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my dogmas , when I tell people , you get your own food .
<unk> your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . I grew my children there .
I 'm going to tell me to be part of this <unk> reality , and I 'm going to make my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I develop my art .
Perhaps like a graffiti artist , that we were <unk> walls , I would <unk> soil , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You would be surprised to see what the Earth can do . If they leave her canvas .
You ca n't imagine what amazing it is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness to how my backyard became a education tool , of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You would be surprised to see how it affects the boys .
The gardening is the most <unk> act that can do , especially in a <unk> .
In addition , you get modular .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother , and his daughter , they were like the greatness of the night and they were in my backyard , I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , good , man , I felt bad they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt shame when you see people who was so close to me with hunger , and this was just why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't you understand that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I 'm saying , `` For God , I do n't have any fear that you 're going to steal . ''
That 's the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want to give you your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter to go back in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , that helped me download the truck .
It was great , they shared their stories about how this was affected and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So , Green <unk> has come to plant , maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all in a volunteer plan .
If the kids grow <unk> , the guys will eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes , they will eat tomatoes , but if nothing of this is taught , if you 're not taught how the food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind what you put in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're stuck . I see the color of color that are on this path for them , it does n't take it anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you get the next George Washington Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take up and turn it into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because it 's not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability , is you have to be <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the people , to get the kids out of the street , and you know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening market markets .
What I want to do here , we have to do it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> .
We have to change the script of what is a <unk> .
If you 're not a match , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you take them to take their backyard ?
That 's his election gun .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with their backyard so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a nice material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , it 's a lot .
You can have a huge amount of water on the asphalt .
And especially if they 're going to set up in your bike and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
In addition , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we built roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want to want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads out of <unk> asphalt .
The benign asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so all the rain of rain flow around , and you 'll have a road that it 's easy to drive , and they do n't get water out of water .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very anatomy , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of .
What is getting rid of ? Watch that in this road , the rocks on the surface are come out .
First one , then many more and more and more and more , etc. , well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can not be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more damage .
Sometimes you can create bumps with that .
Oh . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can see how the damage in this material in this material .
It 's a <unk> asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little amount of <unk> between the rocks .
Because of course , the light light , in order to remind you , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , it 's <unk> , and if you 're <unk> , you 'll be able to get it up and spread from the microbes .
So , if you drive the road , you 're going to take the <unk> , like we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can do this material , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is to use steel wool , from that to clean <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool in very small pieces , and we can mix those little bits into the <unk> .
So we 've got asphalt with little bits of steel wool .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , you use to cook -- a <unk> machine .
<unk> can heat , especially the steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is it heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow of these <unk> and the rocks would go into the surface .
I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great machine machine here on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which now I 'm going to take up to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government , you actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We need to try .
So we signed up a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane in trial to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and we test them in the lab .
We 've made the samples , we put a lot of load in them , we put them together with our <unk> machine , and we went back to prove .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , connecting these fibers , using the energy energy , to actually increase the life of the surface of the highway , you can even double the life of the surface . It 's actually saving a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , you have curious about if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's quite hot .
In reality , it 's got to cool first first before I can show you how the repair acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember , I remember , I 've got a morning with the sound of the <unk> .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times , because the news generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now yes you can go to a real school . ''
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You 'll see , I was six years old when the Taliban was <unk> in Afghanistan and they made girls illegal to school .
For the next five years , I was <unk> as a child for my sister , and I could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that the two we could be able to educate them .
Every day , we took a different path for anybody would be willing to where we were .
We had to hide the books in the market , so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
All of us knew that we took our lives , the teacher , students and our parents .
Once in the time , the school would be lost for a week , because the Taliban Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Was they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but yet , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for their time .
A total range of a remote province of Afghanistan , <unk> in his daughter , my mother , outside to school and so his father 's <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It took two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk of not to educate their children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember that there was times frustrated for our life , and he was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to leave , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force them to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So you do n't want to do it ? ''
I 'm 22 .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades .
Less than six percent of the women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
In change , I find up here proud of graduate school .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from his home for the courage to educate her daughters , it was one of the first in the end .
He was not just my college degree , but I also was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving by the streets of Kabul .
My family believe in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
It 's why I am the global Hall of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I was <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families that , like my families , like my own , <unk> for them , despite the front of an accident .
Like Ahmed . It 's not your real name , and I ca n't show you your face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
One month ago , he and his daughter went on the way from <unk> to her village , and literally , they were willing to be killed by a pump on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice told me that if I kept sending his daughter to school , you would try and try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But I do n't hurt the future of my daughter for their old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been given in Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people we had , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like the Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
In the Taliban , the girls who went to school , they said , was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes of changes .
I 'm afraid that these changes would n't spend a lot , after the retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school , and their parents who were <unk> for them , I see a <unk> future and a durable change .
To me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day the girls of <unk> was told me .
Like me , they dream in big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never ever forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , I mentioned Gaddafi . ''
But you 'll never go back a revolutionary kind . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , so much of the <unk> Revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the orthopedic regime .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and men young men were in the face of the face of the regime , they 're surrounded by freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a key to the front of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Middle East , to the west , to the south .
And then finally , after a six months of a brutal war , and some losses of roughly 50 thousand dead , we managed to release our country and alter the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds seeds .
For four decades , the <unk> regime destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and of the challenges , I 've wanted to know , and so many other women , rebuild civil society , to rebuild the civil society , and just a fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
Now , there were roughly 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after each of Gaddafi , almost 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , I started to organize workshops about the development of capabilities , and skills skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the Women of Women <unk> in the Peace , a women of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> of the woman , and by our lack of participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very hard environment in the <unk> period , a environment that was increasingly more <unk> , which was <unk> from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , a little bit recently , the trailers of election and the revolution like a whole thing , they were disappearing , all the days of violence .
One day we 've got up with the news of the <unk> of the old mosques , ancient <unk> .
Another day , <unk> with the news of the killing of the American ambassador , and the attack of <unk> .
Another day we get up with the news of the police killing of the military .
And every day , every day we go up with the government of the individuality and their <unk> of human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , made out of a revolutionary mindset , it 's more <unk> , and it 's gone from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had the beginning .
The intolerance , the exclusion , and the revenge became the cones of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all to inspire our story of the success of the `` list '' list , '' and the election .
So I 'm going to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose bad , we take the wrong decision .
We do n't do good .
Because the election did not brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The list of <unk> and the <unk> between the candidates and they were allowed to lead peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why our society is still polarized and dominated with selfish policies from domination and exclusion , so much for men like for women ?
Maybe what they were missing was not only women , but the women 's women 's female values , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue , and the creation of consensus more than what we needed the election , which only <unk> the polarization and the divide .
Our nation needs to be the analog representation of the female more than the most thing to need to be going to need to make the mathematical representation .
We need to stop acting like agents of outrage and call days of anger .
We need to start acting like compassion agents and mercy .
We 've got to develop a female speech , which is not just just <unk> , but also to put it in practical practice instead of revenge , collaboration instead of the competition , the inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , supported by the war , it needs desperately to be the end of getting peace .
Because peace has a position that it tries to be from the orbits and the <unk> between the female perspectives and the male .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to make that in a existential way before we do it .
Okay , according to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` It 's the word of God .
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- <unk> -- <unk> -- <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , which is going to all the humanity of men and women , from which all tribes and all the villages have been <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus cover completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence .
So it tells us , `` My preparation is all the stuff . ''
This is how I said , `` My mercy is important about my anger . ''
That 's going to all the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a bad question , which has an important response response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is what you 're all doing is , why is it left ?
Why would anybody going to stay with a man who beat him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , not an expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer , like a writer in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first New American <unk> , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I create my twin soul , I was given to my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , when I loved more than anybody in this world , put a gun in my head , and he was able to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love of love , where they fall every year , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English University , and I have a MBA in <unk> Business Business School .
I 've spent the most part of my career working for the term `` Fortune 500 , '' between those Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been almost 20 years old with my second husband and we have three children .
My dog is a black child , and I tried a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that the domestic violence can go to anybody , all the race , all the race , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that you all think about domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse just happens in intimate relations , interdependent and long duration , or , in the families , the last place where we would want to find violence ; reason by which , the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have said that it would be the last person in the world that was going on with a man who stood up with a man , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years old , they have three times more possibilities to be victims of domestic violence , and the most ages of 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples , Jr. and elderly husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting on the subway of New York , and he started <unk> with me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he had had had had had had a college of a college of the <unk> , and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street .
But the most impressed me at the first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and it seemed a boy of the field .
I had a lot of big <unk> as apples , and a <unk> hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smarter things that did <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple .
He did it about the beginning of the <unk> in a pedestal .
We start out and loved everything of me : I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who had passion to help girls teenagers , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as a woman , like anybody had never done .
And it was so that 's why the bachelor 's in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence , it 's entertaining and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know the second step is <unk> .
Now , the final thing I wanted to do was left in New York , and I 'll leave the work of my dreams , but I thought I had to make the sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted my job and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling in a crazy love , and he was entering a head of head in a physical trap , financial and psychological psychological .
The next step in the terms of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
In the way we moved to New England , you know , that site where you were supposed to be so sure I was able to feel so sure I bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another one did the pillow under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived from small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , but I 've never got up my hand , my life was already serious danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened about five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's girlfriend from my mother and married him .
Even though what happened , I was sure that we live happy for always , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very .
It 's just very overwhelmed for the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me .
He had been an isolated accident , and I never would make damage .
I spent two times more in our moon moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost me , and he gave me so strong in the head of the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back out of our moon moon , they were <unk> for traffic and threw me a Big Mac to the face .
<unk> went on to <unk> , or two times a week for the next two and a half of our marriage .
I 'm going to be surprised when I thought it was the only in this situation .
One of every three American women is a victim of domestic violence or cyberbullying at some time of his life , and the Control Control Control reported that every year 15 million children are <unk> , 15 million .
So actually , I was very good company .
Go back to my question : Why did I get me ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was making me .
On the other hand , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that could help be able to deal with their home .
The other question that all the world does is : Why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
And to me , this is the most sad question and painful thing to do people , because we do , the victims , we know something that normally you know : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the final phase in domestic violence is kill .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence , when the victim has taken to the relationship , after you go , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent crime , even after the <unk> has become married to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and the manipulation of the family 's family , and the children , that normally they are forced for the judges to spend time not to spend the man in their mother .
And yet we 're still asking for why it does n't go ?
I was able to go out , because of a final <unk> , he beat my denial .
I realized that the man I loved so much , I would have killed if it was allowed .
So I was silent .
I told the whole world : to the police , to my neighbors , to my friends and family and familiar , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We 've got the trend to the victims of the victims , the women <unk> , <unk> goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
And for some people are a way to say , `` The fault is yours to stay , '' as if the victims of <unk> would be able to destroy them .
But since I posted `` Love love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also came up , and they learned a lesson of what happened to the country , and it would take up their lives and happy and happy lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a <unk> of domestic violence .
I went to marry a nice and nice man and we have those three children .
I have this black child and also that <unk> .
What I do n't go back to have never more , ever , it 's a charged gun pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says I want .
At this time , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was , '' but all this time I 've been talking about you .
I assure you that there 's a few people , that they 're listening right right now , they 're being hungry , or they 're <unk> themselves .
The <unk> could be affecting her daughter , her sister , to his sister , to your sister , right now .
I was able to end up to my crazy love love to be silent .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my final petition to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse are just in silence .
They have the power of the end of the domestic violence just put light on it .
The victims we need all the world .
We need that each of you understand the secret of domestic violence .
Take the signal to the light talking about it with their children , their friends , their friends and family .
It 's <unk> his vision of survivors like fantastic people and lovely , they have a full future .
It 's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the signs of violence to intervene consciously , to stop their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families and our families in the very secure solids and we should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call it Cameron Russell , and from a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years ago .
And I feel that at this time there is a uncomfortable tension in the room , because I should n't get dressed up like this . fortunately , I 've brought me clothes for us .
This is the first shift of clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were treated when I came up , they do n't have to be <unk> now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me as only 10 seconds .
Everybody has that opportunity .
These keys are very uncomfortable ; less bad I do n't have to use it .
The worst thing is to spend this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh about me , so I do n't do anything as I cover your head .
All right .
Why do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope that not as much as this picture .
The way it is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed the whole thing that they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer was saying to her back to the back of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial <unk> , as I made me two days ago for the work , there 's very little we could do to transform our aspect , which , even though it 's a great impact in our lives .
So today , to be courageous means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice woman and white , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere form .
The first question is , how is it going to be a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> was discovered , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason why I did a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the Panama of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries we have n't only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically hardwired to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , and to a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take money .
And I know that there are people in the public that now shows up , and maybe there 's some <unk> , and maybe there 's a few <unk> of the fashion to say -- <unk> .
First of all , we 're going to be able to know so much of models . It 's amazing .
But I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student in the University of New York , he said all and each of the models on the runway , and of the <unk> models , just 27 , it 's less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always do is , is it going to be a model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't know that .
But then , what I really would tell each of these girls is : Why ? You can be what you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a surgeon 's <unk> , and a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , I still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the father of the book <unk> magazine or the CEO of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that most of you want to be a model is like to say you want to win the lottery .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike the <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've seen your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a set of jobs and a few jobs to your backs , no matter what you say , is to say , `` If you said , I want to be president from the United States for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are <unk> .
And yes , you 've got all the pictures , but that 's just a little bit of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and I also had the first time that I was used , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a child .
So I went up with my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came to me .
Here I am in a <unk> party a few days before the pictures for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team , and in the magazine magazine .
And this is me now .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They are creations of a professional professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and you get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : <unk> things free ?
I 've got a lot of <unk> in 20 inches , and I never use , but the privilege I 've got to get in real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a store , and I forgot about taking money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad car ; he jumped up a red light , and , of course , we stood up , and it took a little bit , agent for power to keep driving .
I love from these privilege for my way , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their mind without what they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers , teenagers who stood up and joined , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black young people in New York , so for them , is n't a matter of me ?
But how many times ?
When I research for this talk , I learned that at 53 percent of the girls of 13 years in the United States , they do n't like your body , and that number goes up to 78 percent .
So , the last question that people do is , `` How is the life of a model ? ''
And I think the answer that they 're expecting is : If you 're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair , you 'll be very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative and creative people .
And all that 's true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is , I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my way every day .
And if you 've ever asked , a little bit more thin legs and the brightest hair would be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the smallest legs , the brightest hair and the most brilliant , but they 're probably the most insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of ethnic oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception of success .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since it was most enough to support a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 pictures , and I did n't have me who put them .
There was no artistic directors , and it 's not a chance to repeat the pictures , not even a very bad very carefully .
In fact , most of you put them down tourists .
My story starts when , <unk> in the city of New York to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He took the chance we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I got the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said , `` Why do n't you have to go to New York on a <unk> trip and keep the ritual ?
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists that happened to us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of deliver the camera to a complete unknown unknown .
Never nobody has been denied and , fortunately , never nobody has been <unk> with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is about a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain my daughter , what I had happened to my daughter , so I could understand it .
These pictures are much more than a particular moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop the time in a week of October , and we 're going to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just in the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through their eyes and how they perceive it and interacts with everything .
That time in particular we went together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the journeys , we were walking , as a sudden , was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the country 's , which was a little bit of a little bit of a little bit on the kitchen .
And I described what it was to the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> who reminded her heart <unk> with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look in New York are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York City .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories .
So , I want to share the idea of participating in the loss of memories .
I do n't know you , but some of these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the picture you took the picture .
Now I want to encourage you to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and they did n't have to come up with someone and asked , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are in the most threatened band .
First , why do you have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter , <unk> , stupid characters , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 've been following the press <unk> laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that deals with Parliament ' Parliament , but I do n't know it .
I do n't know it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep clean the environment , the <unk> ca n't help prevent the spread of diseases .
They 're going to be sick . They 're far away from extinct , and my favorite , you 've got a little bit better presence . There are two kinds of bushes on this planet .
There 's the <unk> of the New World that you find mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the <unk> of the Iranian World , where we have 16 species .
So , why do you think about them are important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They are our natural junk .
<unk> the grandparents up to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that 's not going to be driven and it would cause great losses of cattle and diseases in other animals .
Studies have shown that in areas where there are no longer , the grandparents are taking three to four times more time in <unk> , and this has huge spots in the spread of diseases .
<unk> also have huge historic importance .
They 've been associated with the old Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the moon , and he went through it , and then with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil of 10 heads .
In the <unk> culture , you have a very important thing to open sky to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these should provide a system of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with them ?
We 've got eight species in Kenya in Kenya , which six are in the end of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being able to be scanned , and the reason you 're being able to be able to be , because there are conflict between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this venom against predators , and as a consequence , those are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of relativity are on the critical list of extinction , which means that at least 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason is because they fall out of the consumption of livestock that has been treated with a <unk> drug like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned in India , and they 've taken a position .
Now , because there 's nothing else , there 's been a spread in the number of the dogs in our bodies , and when you 've got dogs , you 've got a huge car car for anger . The number of anger has increased in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be on the lake lake .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the turbines corresponds to the birds . They cut them through half .
They are <unk> .
In West Africa , there 's a terrible trade trade to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's doing ? Okay , we 're researching these birds . We are <unk> .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a problem , it 's not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the <unk> , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services to provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , to make noise . You can write a letter to their government and tell you we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . It 's going to make the word .
When you go out of this room , they will tell you about them , but they talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on them .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that changed the opinion of opinion , because he saw them to fly without effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Each thing I do , and everything I do professionally , my life -- has been saved by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 to 1977 , I 'm a young man , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , East Coast , Algeria , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project we set up in Africa failed .
And I was doing it .
I thought , at the 21 , that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead of that , everything we played it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we got up with seeds in the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the river <unk> , and we teach the local tomatoes to grow <unk> tomatoes and eBay , and ...
Of course , the people were not at all to do that , so they 're going to be able to come to work , and sometimes , they do n't get up . We were shocked that the local , so it was n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just at time to save the people from Zambia of hunger . ''
And of course , everything in Africa is very cool .
We 've got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size , in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look what easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , open and red , from night in the morning , about 200 <unk> emerged from the river and they ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? ''
And I thought we only ask them to make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans did , what they were doing the English , what they were doing the French , and then I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
You 're going to look at the waste -- you 're going to see the waste that we would give up to the people of Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` <unk> '' <unk> <unk> , an economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've given the continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I do n't tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
Just read his book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Western are anatomy , <unk> , and we treat people just two ways : or we 're in the world , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anybody in a different culture as if they were my children . I want you a lot .
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if we were my opponents .
So the white women in Africa are called `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a bit on the face of the face , `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all of the economic development , if people do n't want to be helped .
This was going to be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respecting .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that is not <unk> ? ''
I decided to take 27 to the people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never do anything , you never drives anybody , but it becomes a little bit of the local passion , the stadium of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It does n't come to a community with an idea , and they sit with the people of the life .
We do n't work from the offices .
We came up with a coffee . We came together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is the passion .
You can give you an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that the man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help us find knowledge . Because nobody in the world can succeed just .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why do n't we , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why do n't , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never would say , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have identified .
So planning , planning has this blind point .
And the most smart people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they did n't have to know their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked one , and we 're working face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family of the family of the company , the family of the business family , which is made with you in your home , in the table of his kitchen , in the coffee table , and they help find the resources to transform their passion in a form of making a life .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time , trying to get away from this junk garbage where we came to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can you do that ? And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
And so the government says , `` <unk> again , '' we 've made it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40 business .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most great business advisers of history , passed up to 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor from philosophy before to participate in business , and this is what Peter <unk> : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death spirit of business .
So now we 're going to be able to put it out of reconstructing , without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to achieve that these people are going to come up with you .
You have to offer you to you , privacy , has to be great to help you , and then we 're going to go on the mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's you to show you more this morning ?
<unk> local people .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneur spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , we 're the end of renewables , manufacturing -- and from a moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a form of support is not sustainable .
What we 've got to consider , is how we 're going to be <unk> , cure , educating them , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable form .
There 's no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? The universities ?
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing now .
There 's a nice story that 's in one magazine ago ago , many years ago .
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year .
And in the year , you 've gathered this group of people , and I 'll be able to tell the city of New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and say , if the population is keeps growing up to this rate , to go to the population of New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the dung produced for six million horses would be impossible to tackle .
They were already thrown out of dung . So therefore , in terms of longevity , they were <unk> this nice technology that <unk> life in New York City .
So , what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , the United States were <unk> <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely obsolete and there was very few , <unk> , factories in places .
<unk> , Michigan . Henry Ford .
Yet there 's a secret to work with the entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you to you .
In the other way , they would n't come back to you .
And then you have to offer you a little bit , dedicated , <unk> service .
And later , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to be able to do three great things : the product you want to sell has to be great , you have to count with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell a great financial administration .
Do you know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and seek money .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at the 100 <unk> companies of the Carnegie , Carnegie , Edison , Edison , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started for one person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` we . ''
He was n't just when it started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we 've got honest , who came from a small business environment in coffee , in bars with their dedicated speeches who are going to do for you , what someone did I ask you , what it needs to ask you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Okay , you can sell ? Can you seek money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look at someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
They can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't understand a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , psychologically and chalk .
These projects came from questions like : how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and to make more things without calling the door in a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes to the cows shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New York and I 'm in love in New City .
My soul always find relief with the giant <unk> that they would shadow , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always going to move out to music . There 's a shot in New City . And the city has one of the most beautiful people in the world , but also one with the largest amount of properties of the United States .
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , like a mother for me .
It was sudden and unexpected and unexpected .
I thought a lot of death .
And this was a deep gratitude for the lived time .
It gave me clarity to the significant things of my life .
But I 'll be able to keep this look in my daily life .
I think it 's easy to be able to catch the day to day and forget the really important thing to one .
So with the favor of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house left on a giant board , and he painted about her sentences to complete , `` Before I die . ''
So they could take a chalk , thinking about their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with and kept <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be written by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to the rescue of someone . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
So this abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hopes of people and hope to me laugh , and I was <unk> , and they gave me comfort .
It 's about knowing that you 're not just . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about giving the reflection of the thought , and you see it , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and changed .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
That 's why with my colleagues from the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've been done walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together we 've got the power of our public spaces , if you give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of distractions , it 's more important than never , find the ways to keep the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
The death is something that we 're often trying to talk about , or even thinking , but I understood it to prepare for death is one of those things that are more power .
You think about the death of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care like individuals and like community and more media to share hopes and fears and stories , the people around us ca n't help to improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a only petition .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I would like to introduce to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , it 's high and very beautiful .
It does n't speak , but it 's a better joy that some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
And it 's how you understand what it happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at color color .
It does n't matter religious differences and notice in this : never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to tell the words that I do n't even remember me , reminds me one thing : how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing should be the unknown .
Samuel has 16 years old . It 's high . It 's very beautiful .
It has the most beautiful memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year that came out every one of the songs of my iPod , the conversation that we did when I was four years old , we would ask myself in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the birthday of Lady Gaga .
Does n't you seem amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't adjust to the concept of normal society , often they are left and <unk> .
But what I joined my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even if that was the case , although you do n't consider them inside the ordinary , that would only mean one thing : autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' , it 's a brain brain that affects social media , learning and sometimes to the physical skills .
In each individual it 's about a different way , so it would be so different to Sam .
And around the world , every 20 minutes , it 's diagnosed a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the development of the development that faster in the world , there 's no cause or cure .
I do n't know my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember a single day without it .
I had only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited about having a new thing to be in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it was n't very interested in me at all .
<unk> lived in their own world , with their own rules , and I was pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars back around the room , looking at the washing washing washing washing washing washing machine and eat anything that was in between .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were made more obvious .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : an pure , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without biases , a human being that had never lied .
Teacher .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult times in my family , times that they would have to be just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change by the normal .
It 's quickly about the beauty that you give the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what it is right .
If I could get a single thing to <unk> and Sam and you would be that they do n't have to be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us have a gift in its inside and , thank you , the pursuit of consciousness is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for the greatness , progress and change dies at the time we try to be like each other .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what has been going to be in the country 's country .
Penn State was asked to me , a communications teacher , who gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . It 's true of these students with their great minds , their big books and unknown words .
But when those conversations , I felt what 's supposed to have sense when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just like this , I felt when I had those conversations with students , I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our largest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , and if we do n't know about this , the job is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , by favor of <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure we can see that your science is sexy and their engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant for us .
You do n't tell us just to study the <unk> , but we study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and try and try it .
And when you 're describing your science , carefully with the jargon .
The jargon is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas .
You know , you can say , `` space and temporary , '' but why do n't you say , space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> is not the same thing to make it stupid .
Otherwise , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without making ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways of <unk> and <unk> with their content .
And when I present her work , forget about the signs of `` bullet . ''
You 've been asked by what they call `` bullets ? What do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and they killed their presentation .
One bit like this is not only boring , but they 're getting too hard in the language of the language of our brain , and we 'll give us .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that actually inspired the only design of the Tower Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , again , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we 'll provide graphic these other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it describes .
I think these are just some keys that can help each other open the door , and let 's see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political politician . ''
Although there was a 21st-century publisher of the 19th century that I defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> '' is the one that you 're looking for a kind of public charge , platform , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it for the ultimate use of a monumental <unk> .
I do n't have any idea of what `` <unk> . ''
Something to see with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and all the politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , the British Parliament that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that they said on the camera camera .
And all this was thanks to the courage of a kind of <unk> <unk> , who was faced by Parliament .
He brought him in the Tower Tower , and he said , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and at the end of them had a popular support in London he won .
And just a few years later we had the first use of the phrase , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Most of you think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of a advocate of expression of expression .
But to show you how the words and politics interact , I want to go back to the U.S. , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How is the leader of a Republican country ?
This was told in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be <unk> .
Some of them would say to call him , `` Oh , I read the Washington Washington , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and another `` <unk> of the <unk> of the United States . ''
Not very appealing .
Some just said to call `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And not even with it , they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could have chosen King for a certain term .
And I could have worked .
All the world was immensely tired , because this debate was <unk> for three weeks .
And I read the daily of a slum , and he always wrote , `` I still have this issue . ''
What he caused up and the <unk> was that the cookbook was against the Senate .
The gift I did n't want to be able to be empowered .
He did n't say to call it for me , or he would give her ideas .
So , they wanted to give the most modest title , more enjoyable and more <unk> that happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . It did n't invent the title . There was just before , but it only meant `` somebody who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have a lot more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There was a little bit of <unk> <unk> , and I had a little bit of the government , but it was really a kind of insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties , and they 'll come up with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who 's going to take serious with a kind of such ridiculous as ridiculous and insignificant as President of the U.S. ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't help .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been <unk> by the president of President .
President Barack Obama 's lucky enough to follow there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is a temporary thing -- it 's possible to stop waiting for more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the President of the President of the United States does n't sound at all as modest today , right ?
Especially if you 've got over 5,000 nuclear heads to disposal , the largest economy of the world and a car vehicles and so forth .
The reality and the story have given the title of <unk> .
So the end won the Senate .
They got his title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , was a uniqueness for then .
But , you know how many nations are now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the kind of nuclear heads , and so on .
So , at the end , the Senate won , and the Olympic House lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you say now they are the President of the U.S. .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and I would like to leave you .
The politicians try to choose to choose and use the words to shape and control the reality , but actually , the fact , the fact that it 's much more the words that what these could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet under land in a illegal mine of Ghana .
The air is heat heat and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I 'm feeling the touch of <unk> bodies in the darkness , but I ca n't see a lot more .
I hear voices that are talking about , but about all , that 's about <unk> male <unk> and rocks to come up with primitive tools .
Like each other , I take a cheap ray of light <unk> to the head with this <unk> <unk> , and I barely can tell the branches of this hole from a meter that goes hundreds of meters on the ground .
It 's <unk> my hand , and suddenly I remember a letter that I met , and I lost the control , and he fell on a hundred feet on that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are in the deep of that hole to risk their lives without pay and reward , and often dying .
I went home , and I went home , but they will never do it , because they are slavery for slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in Vancouver .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> <unk> , an NGO that 's going to eradicate modern slavery .
We start talking about slavery and actually , I started to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as a degree .
When we ended up , I felt very bad , I 'm lucky to ignore this laugh of our days , and I thought , `` If I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
It made me a smooth stomach , and , weeks later , flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> , and offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
So interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
A few , even , I looked at my second home .
But this time , <unk> the dirty sheep .
A conservative calculus says that there are over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of Africans in the whole amount of Africans in the whole point of slaves .
150 years ago the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of a $ 50 billion today .
However , today , you can afford a whole families for generations for generations for $ 18 .
Now , thank you , slavery generates profit over a billion dollars a year worldwide .
A lot of people have been charged with false promises of good education and better job to then discover that they 're forced to work without pay , under violence .
Today , slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves , they have value , but they produce them .
slavery exists in almost all the world , and yet , it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the P.C .
This odd show , and it was like to go into the old Egypt or the <unk> .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , whole families in a whole projection of <unk> <unk> <unk> in their heads , until 18 to the time , and they take them out of the Russian furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
It 's going to go out of the monotony , and then they work in silence , doing this task and again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no waste to eat , and it 's not to drink , and the severe <unk> , and it made it profound , it was quite a lot .
And so they were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was going to my hand and he said , `` Lisa , do n't do . Do n't do it . ''
And I explained to me very clearly that I demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't give you any direct aid .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> , and working inside of the system for his release , and he does n't care about it .
In the way to me , I waited to get home to feel my heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks for miles on the mountain and they were waiting at the bottom .
Those great things were more heavy than the children who were able to have the children who were able to put them into their heads with their heads and put them out of sticks , strings and ooh .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something as valid , but so ubiquitous ?
Some of you do n't even know that they 're slaves , and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been all his life .
You have nothing to compare .
When these villagers are <unk> , the <unk> had been destroyed their homes .
When you hear the word of slavery often , we often think about sexual traffic , and because of this global awareness told me that it would be hard to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I got women who had been faced with sex .
It took me for a little bit of <unk> stairs that would give up this dirty basement , of dim light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the business , they are local for prostitution prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the <unk> <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years are forced to support the clients and to encourage you to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of them is dark and dirty , identified by a <unk> number in the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse for their customers .
On the diver , I remember , I remember a little bit <unk> fear , and at that moment , I barely could imagine what you should be stuck in that hell .
I just had a way : the stairs where I entered .
There was no back doors .
There was no big enough windows like it climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we play a very hard issue , it 's important to point that slavery , even the sex traffic , it happens to us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in agriculture , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 children and 300 thousand children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often relate to the labor hand .
I went to Indian villages where there were entire families in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> hands are the father of blue , the <unk> of blue and red .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and they 're going to be the silk in the liquid to the <unk> , but the course is toxic .
My performer told me the stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , we can come out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the lake , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a look fast .
I saw what seemed to be a family family in a ship , two older brothers , some more young kids , does it make sense ?
<unk> . They were all slaves .
The kids are separated from their Saudi families , they were missing and forced to work out of them to work on these gaps in these boats in the lake .
This child has eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shaking , which his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water .
<unk> branches in the trees , in the lake , they often drive networks and children , <unk> and fear , they 're thrown into the water to publish the branches .
Now , many of you are executed .
It 's always forced to work on the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to run up and , as the whole life has been treated with cruelty , it tries to the most young slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when we were looking at the last networks , but they had been working from the one one .
In the cold night and Malek .
And it would be able to point that these networks are getting more than 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village village .
I met it in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi is possible .
Who will get to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life ?
<unk> by a road in Ghana with partners of <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his bike from a sudden , and he got the car and he got the window .
He asked us to take it through a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were <unk> to go out of the car , and he asked the driver to come very quickly .
And then signal this path as just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on .
As we started to go down , we take the <unk> , and after walking around a path , and after walking close to an hour , we found that the way was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the photographs of photographs about my head to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended up in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all filled with laborers .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked in the waters of the water .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These tiles are located in a cold in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were <unk> in his own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been under land for 72 hours .
The wells have to 90 meters , and these people have heavy heavy bags that then will be sent to another area where the stone is going to be able to get the gold .
The first view , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but , if you look closer , we 're looking at work less lucky and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely to be able to be able to be able to end up like this <unk> victim , and the modulation of mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When her father died , he took him to work with him in the mines .
When you die her uncle , I would buy the debt of the uncle , what they force to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the 14,000 mines and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors said that I should be sitting .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Even like this , he 's going to be released and sold with local activists , like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , the face of the face of a remote possibility , what I inspire me a lot of respect .
I want to drop light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen for you in the world .
I wanted to know that we will give to testimony to them , and we 're going to do everything possible to help change their lives .
I admit that if we can look at other as human beings , then it 's very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . It 's from people , real people , like you , and like me , they deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no one day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , especially , I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images get a force in who you see , in people like you , and I hope that force to turn a fire , and that fire light on slavery , because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do mathematical mathematics , and there 's a peculiar problem for them , we are like the management stations .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try to explain what I do .
The dance is one of the most human activities .
We 're going to take us the <unk> of the ballet ballet and the dancers of <unk> you 'll see .
But the ballet ballet demand a degree of training , a high level of skill , and you probably have a very initial policy level that you can have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , destroy this extraordinary ability , as I do it with my friend <unk> <unk> , which , in his time , was a brutal dancer dancer .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot in the treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , Pierre , cartilage and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure the progress of the progress in a objective way , and ultimately the only way we know if there is a cure to be when we have an objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement is not biological markers , so that 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test .
You 've got to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , you 're never done .
And what if patients could do that in home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could make the test themselves ?
You do n't need personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic .
So what I want to tell you as well as a way to try , you see , in a way at least at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration strings .
It shows someone healthy as it makes sound sounds to speak . Can we imagine as a dancers of a vocal dance , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes required .
And as the ballet ballet , it requires a very extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about the time it takes a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal strings as you could , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example from the <unk> strings .
We see the same symptoms .
shake vocal , weakness and IGF-1 .
The speech becomes more quiet and moved after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of them are not again .
The neurological test is not invasive . Both of them use infrastructure .
It 's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do it .
Both of them are precise . Okay , but in addition , it 's not specialized .
I mean , you can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as much .
They 're low cost and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost as low , it appears to scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulties .
It would n't be able to go to the clinic for the routine .
<unk> <unk> , we could get goals .
We could be able to do mass mass for clinical trials , and , for the first time , we 're going to make a general scale of scale .
We 've got the opportunity to start looking for the first a.m. of the disease before it 's too late .
That 's why I will give you the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the <unk> World Foundation .
Together to <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with without Parkinson 's , it can call low price and let me go through a few pennies , and I 'm happy to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What are these samples ?
Max 7 : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to tell you if you have or not the disease . TR : Of course .
<unk> : You see , some people can not go on . You can not end up .
But we 're going to get a very big show of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking for <unk> the real factors for the real disease .
TR : You have 86 percent of accuracy at this time ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
In fact , my <unk> student , I have to be <unk> , has made a great job , and now it has shown a great job , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone network also , what we 've got the project .
TR : Hold and nine . Well , it 's a improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Lewis , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I was doing <unk> in the city of New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We were <unk> in the darkness , without windows without windows , and generally , we avoid sunlight .
We do the wireless models yet , the perfect skin is still the impossible we do impossible , possible , and you get them in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of the images and photography .
September 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Little time later , a organization where he was voluntary , <unk> <unk> , he was in the place working as part of the answer .
I , with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting in home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
The 13 of May I went to <unk> .
It 's a little town of fishermen located in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first villages affected by the wave .
The water level has gotten over 24 feet tall and over three miles away inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We took rubble from the channels and the disposal of them .
<unk> schools . We took the mud , and let 's go up ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
It took up tons and tons of dead fish , psychologically , <unk> of the local factory .
We were <unk> and loved .
For weeks , the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and photographs of photographs and cameras and cards .
Everybody did the same .
<unk> and put them into different places of people around the villages of each other .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures provided a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As a wave of wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a heart of the village .
It helped clean up the giant toilets , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of the order will take the pictures .
And there were put it and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean up the pictures .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I was going to end up my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the pictures , I found some that they had over a hundred years , some were still in the lab , I could n't stop thinking how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same .
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , I knew we had to try .
So we started getting the pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too excited , but where the water had taken the face of the child , I had to make it with a lot of accuracy and a lot .
In the other way , that little girl would n't have the aspect of it , and that would be as tragic as to have the unfinished picture .
Over the time of time , they arrived for more pictures , and it was made more <unk> , so it was , I went back on Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people <unk> .
In Japan , in July , we started <unk> , a village in the north of <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner in libraries of temporary libraries that had been installed , where people were going to write their pictures .
The time we took in <unk> is a different story , dependent on course of the <unk> of the photographs .
I could have an hour . I could have a few weeks .
I could have months .
This <unk> had to draw almost to hand , using the areas that color and the color of the water had not destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures of water in seawater , covered from bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of it together with the time of the time I continue to do , so it was an important part of the project .
We could n't get the picture at least it was clean , dry and had been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky to hand .
We have the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even the pictures already .
As a <unk> , the leader 's leader is like to make a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman that brought us these pictures was lucky to the pictures .
I had begun to <unk> her , but she stopped when you realize it even more .
I also had a <unk> .
Without them , the images of his husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to give up the images in a single picture , and I got the whole picture .
When I picked their pictures shared some of their story with us .
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the debris quite far from where I used to be his house , but his colleagues would take it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as the <unk> .
Their kids , not so small now , but their two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her his photographs out of his son , the lower son was 14 .
To her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to looking at the past , which I could remember in the past day , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up to there <unk> hundreds of them , and they helped us clean up with a few thousand pictures , the great majority -- the great majority came to their hands of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world will help us back to 90 and hundreds of pictures entirely <unk> and <unk> .
For this time , we actually do n't spend more than a billion dollars in teams and materials , most ink for printers .
We took pictures .
One picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone wanted .
They are <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would do , but the first thing we 're going to take up .
This was about the project , to restore small bits of humanity , to bring to someone their connection with the past .
When a picture like this is sent to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person that you get .
This project also made a great difference in the life of the <unk> .
Some of them were connected with something larger , to give up something , using their talent for something that 's not going to be wireless models .
To end , I 'd like to read this email , the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories show in the images .
One particular picture , a photo with women from the women from the grandmother from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , I was moved , because I was a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , I and my daughter was just born , he keeps out of our wall .
In the entire world , everywhere our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc , I was inspired by wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a second of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster , and seeing the world not a million or a billion and a billion frames per second .
I 'm going to give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technical technique that can create video on the slow camera .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners of the vision , or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays , and you really defy the idea of camera .
If I take a laser carpet and I turn it into a second of a second , or it 's , in various <unk> to create a kind of photons of just a little millimeter wide .
And that 's the kind of photons , that bullet , traveling the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet , and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how are those photons inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow ?
Now , all this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in movement .
Coca-Cola is n't <unk> this research . It 's a lot of things in this film , and I 'll get this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , walks in the bottle with a kind of photons that starts to <unk> , and it starts to <unk> .
Some of the light hits , it goes to the table , and we started looking at these little bit .
Many of the photons finally come to the tip and then exploit in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that goes inside inside .
In the time , the waves travel through the table , and because of the insights of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the insights is concentrate .
Now , if we take a common bullet and current bullet , and we do that the same distance , and we see it on a slow camera to about 10 billion times , how much you think we would be sitting on to see that film ?
One week ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in movement .
And what about the dead nature ?
You can see the waves that was <unk> from the table , the tomato and the wall 's wall .
It 's like throwing a stone in a pond .
It 's the way that nature looks like a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the time , but of course , our eyes see a whole composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll realize that , as the light takes the tomato , it 's brilliant . It 's not going on .
Why ? Because the tomato is <unk> and light goes on its inside , and it goes back to come out after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in their phones , they 're going to be able to go into the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What did we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture at low exposure , it goes very little light .
But we 'll go a billion times faster than the most short show , so I just just get a little bit of light .
And we sent that bullet , that 's about photons , millions of times , and we recorded again and again with a very unhappy sync , we took those data 's data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> .
We can take all those data on raw and <unk> .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a toy future would be able to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could drop some light on the door , <unk> , enter the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And where we could extract those multiple daylight .
It 's not science fiction . We 've been built .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a paleontologist and <unk> light in the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , at a slightly different time .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's very good time to be able to look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what it corresponds to what a distance is going to .
When I project a laser , you can record a photo in gross , you see on the screen , it does n't have any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , we 're going to do them and we 're going to try to look at the multiple speed of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We 've got things to explore before we get this in the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going on the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light of the open windows .
Or we could build them to be able to see inside the body of the body , <unk> <unk> , and the same for the <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood is quite hard , so this is a really hard thing to the scientists to start thinking about the <unk> as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of generations in the next generation .
So , like Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , it became science in art , a art of photographs .
I realized that all the data of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific views .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a few of the <unk> .
But here 's also something fun .
If we look at the waves under the ridge , these are going out of us .
The waves should move into us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strangers . Einstein would have happy to see this picture .
The order that happened in the world sometimes you 're invested in the camera .
We 're going to be able to give up the contained of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A cell can change life , and you get individual freedom .
With a cell phone , it can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can admit a message and initiate a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , they went to <unk> and do famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the Berlin city .
Let 's go back at that time , this city .
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to look for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people put together to be looking for a change , they had a phone in your pocket .
Who 's a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise their phones , <unk> !
<unk> . A Android , an Android , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost all of you have a cell phone .
But I 'm going to talk about me , from my phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines .
Data data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission of the E.U . I presented one .
<unk> <unk> .
This is that every European phone company , each of the Internet of the Internet of the entire Internet , has to store a broad range of information from the users .
Who 's called who . Who sent an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the cellphone , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in his phone company or his Internet costs .
And in all Europe , people stood and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this piece of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want to have the telephone and the Internet providers .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came to the streets of Berlin and said , `` freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said that this would be the <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also asked me if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time I use the cellphone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , that at the time was the largest phone company of Germany , which is for me all the information I had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I do n't have a concrete answer . It was all there .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
And so I decided to make a demand demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said not , we do n't give you this information .
By the end of the <unk> .
<unk> the demand and they would send me the information that I did .
Meanwhile , the <unk> <unk> was made by <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five <unk> lines of information .
I watched I saw and said , well , it 's a huge file .
But after a time I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a little skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information .
I want to make it .
Because I want to show people what the seriousness of data means .
So , next to <unk> <unk> , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can come up and go back and go back and go back .
You can see every step .
And you can see how I 'm going to be <unk> in train , and what I 'm going to call in the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That day a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she 's called a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call them between them .
And then you call the other , and the other one , and we ended up with this great communications network .
You can see how their people communicates to know what time they call some other , what time you sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control their society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the way of your society , because you know who talk about who talk to who , who 's a email to who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and even two years .
As I said to the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the Berlin streets , in the fall of 1989 , had a phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who I was involved in this protest , and , if the <unk> had known who they were the leaders , this never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And in a consequence , it 's not the fall of the <unk> .
Because today , the state agencies and businesses want to store so much information from us as possible inside of the web .
You want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for the self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you come home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it 's not a fashion past .
When you go home , tell her representative that just because companies and the state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information we store from you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call me <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor I brought to the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have a brain paralysis , so we 'll push all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad .
The C. Collins is not genetic .
It 's not <unk> .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother , and I was not going to be <unk> , because my parents were old brothers , but they are .
It 's just about accidents , like that I was born .
Now , I 'm sorry , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
They sit wrong for me , because at some time of life , they 've got to be disabled .
Come on .
You 're in the business center , they 're in the commercial center , lead to a lot of parking and what you see ?
I 16 empty places for disabled .
And you think , `` Oh , I can be at the least a little bit disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm saying , I have the 99 problems , and it 's not one of them .
There 's a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might do it .
I am <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same early ones .
I also love that if I want to walk from my house to New York , could .
A lot of people with brain paralysis do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it , dancing <unk> . ''
If my three major sisters <unk> , I said .
If my three older sisters were going to school school , my parents would go to the school system , and it was <unk> that I was , and if we did n't let all the note , all the <unk> of my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me to walk at the five years putting my fingers on their feet and just walking .
Another tactical thing I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me to do it .
The <unk> I carry inside was very strong .
Yeah . The first day in the backyard , I walked like a <unk> champion that has received a lot .
By growing , there was only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they 're still going to be all of the family , I think nobody was realized that we were not Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` I hate the Muslims . ''
The people I grew up did n't have problems with my faith .
But yet , it seemed to be a lot that died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat enough to live three months without eating , so you know , the dawn of dawn to retire is very easy .
I was running on Broadway .
Yes , it 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with Walmart , or I can walk with Walmart .
I 'm in New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were using quiet , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't .
I was going on my summer in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine all of the summer , we 're going to be <unk> .
In the summer of summer , I often got my father trying to be <unk> , so I was drinking <unk> , and I would get me hot cups on the back , I was <unk> in the Great Sea , and I remember , `` It works ! ''
But the data cure was yoga .
I should say that it 's very bored , but before I did yoga was a comedian comedian that could n't stand up .
And now I can hold on your head .
My parents would take this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to college by positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship to the <unk> , University of the State of Arizona , because I went on all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least smart , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass to the glass of glass .
But I never got a role .
And finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow dance .
It 's a piece of a girl with brain palsy .
I was a girl with brain palsy .
So I started screaming to the four winds : `` I 'll end up .
I have brain paralysis !
At the end , free !
Thank you , I 'm the end I am free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . It 's taken it into <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> to the director of the theater department , he was crying , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask why and she said , because they did n't make the scenes of risk .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't make the scenes of risk , you ca n't the character . ''
It was a role for that there was literally born and they gave it to a actor without brain palsy .
The university was making my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors without disability .
When I graduated , I came back home , and my first <unk> <unk> was like extra in a glass .
My dream became reality .
And I knew it would be <unk> , `` <unk> , '' to `` best friend . ''
In change , I stayed there like a vase , I did n't see me more than the neck , and it was obvious to me that the directors of <unk> is not <unk> <unk> , not white .
It 's just <unk> to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up to <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , <unk> , and all these women had one thing in common : they were subconscious .
So I did <unk> .
In my first hand , he took famous famous New York City to New York City , and I 'll never forget the face of the first paper that took when he fell at high speed on the New Jersey highway , with a driver that had brain paralysis .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , no censorship and without veil .
Some people say I am the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to hire the first place , but I know that you never heard that little <unk> that says that women 's not fun , and they 're very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I released the Festival of the New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media , and then you will remind the directors of the way that we were <unk> and Arab <unk> are not synonymous .
<unk> the Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of stigma stigma .
My great opportunity got in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program for a wire program .
He walked as if I went to a dance dance , I was <unk> to a study , and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , three , two . ''
And we were living .
So I went on to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the segment , and when I ended up the interview , I was reading .
And I had my opportunity and the <unk> . I knew that he did n't come to me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I stayed as a complete time .
One fun thing I learned in direct with Keith <unk> , was that the people in the Internet are .
It 's saying that kids are cruel , but I never got a little bit of a little girl .
Suddenly , my Internet in the Internet became object object .
We saw online clips with comments like , `` Why do you do it ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> .
What disease has ?
We should actually pray for it . ''
There 's a philosopher suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum : <unk> , comedian , <unk> .
Language is as visual as the race .
If someone in the wheels ca n't do <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yes , <unk> , man . Come on .
<unk> are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said that I do n't walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
But yet , having grown with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there was more positive images , that <unk> less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still have the whole society to teach our children .
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red red carpet , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , and the <unk> <unk> .
I was going to act in a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible bacon .
<unk> the world 's `` Arabs have become insane . ''
I was <unk> in a great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded , `` <unk> children , '' a charity to give the kids who were Palestinians a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me living in live , and I have this talk to his memory .
[ Huntington 's peace .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a little town .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
She lives in a small village in the South South .
This town is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the starvation .
Without nothing for him there , it 's going to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When you go there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no time .
He 's just living in a tent in the city to the outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you 've got to take it to lunch , after dinner , to lunch .
He knows a dynamic group of people , which gives a break .
He gets a little bit of money for you to buy new clothing , money to send home , to her family .
They presented to a young man .
And eventually it 's home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , he took a bomb car .
That child of the little village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide terrorist , and that 's the dynamic terrorist group , and that 's the dynamic group of people were in the <unk> , a terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him ?
He was waiting for .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for the future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing you got .
This was the first thing that he pulled it from what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And his story is in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the following , young other people who were <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , they 're looking for something else from the Country period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the one of the opportunity , of well-being , of well-being , but the young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who are in the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include the young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't afford the opportunity , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to the gangs , to be the story of the 2.0 cities .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do virtually nothing .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember , I 'm going to be in front of that hospital , I remember thinking , `` And if I 've never gone ?
And if I was forced to be forced to be in that same `` period of waiting ? ''
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month , it was actually going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a
<unk> to about 90 leaders , <unk> leaders .
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the great challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , which was because I was a graduate graduate college , a frustrated , frustrated , was the perfect white , and other terrorists organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the largest obstacle to come from the B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the most easy way to eradicate .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I salute it .
It started a peace company .
It started <unk> to the local residents who normally could n't stop .
I bought 10 laptops , with their family and friends , and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this different ?
What does this different story do ?
I think their ability to identify and harness a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the life period .
<unk> to kids to be the creators of the economic opportunity they 're looking for as desperately .
And you can train the young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was paying to train some of the young people in the summit of business , and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until a little bit recently , until he came out , and he wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic .
If you 're going to tell someone , `` When was the last time you saw flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during civil war , the answer would be , `` never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> company and design design .
I created a farm on the outside of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , they could survive the hard climate .
And it started eating food for me , creating gardens in the houses , and the companies in the city , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where the families , the young people , you can go together , and , as he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire the young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in the young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for the government , and their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
They forced to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that could be <unk> of change .
For the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
<unk> business solutions for local problems .
So to inspire the young people and create a culture of business spirit is actually a great step , but the young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need to experience and orientation for you in the development and put in their business .
<unk> to the young people with the resources they need to be able to make the support they need to pass from conception to creation , and you will create an expert for the urban growth .
To me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Park of Peace , so is how to call it , when it 's created , transform the way that people see their city .
<unk> hire the street to help rent rent and keep the motorcycles for him .
They gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become the young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> , and they will have more stories about flowers and they 'll have more stories about flowers and <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went back with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in the north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was doing the leaves as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way we were , we almost can pretend that we were the first human beings on the top of that land .
We came to our camp .
It was a <unk> in a <unk> with a beautiful lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the <unk> , there was a dump , about four meters with hearts with hearts , black paper balls , <unk> paper balls .
And I was surrounded , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy as to get what they did , who thought was going to clean up their junk ?
So that question went on with me , and it 's a little bit like a little bit .
Who clean our junk ?
Do n't matter how to keep it , or where do you put the `` ours , '' who clean our junk in Istanbul ?
Who clean our junk in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> our junk , for 11 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who makes that work .
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that burden ?
So I started a research project with them .
And I walked on the trucks and walked through their routes and I was interviewing people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
It needed to go up .
So I started working as a junk .
It 's not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And they built the mechanical <unk> and the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asked the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as mysterious as you think , and in the days that it 's very strong one is used to be used quickly .
It costs a lot to get the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were still getting the weight to the weight of getting on their body .
It 's also the danger .
Okay , according to the Office of <unk> <unk> , the collection of waste is one of the 10 more dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and they 're going on traffic all the day , and they 're going to go back to you .
You just want to be <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that they often fall out of the truck and they have terrible damage .
I also learned about the driving of the trash .
When you get rid of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that the junk is like a force of nature .
It never leaves .
It 's also like a breath or circulation .
It 's always going to be on movement .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think so strongly that the waste of waste are the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first feature of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste and effective way every day , this starts to <unk> from their preparation and the dangers that we would be made in very real ways .
Disease we had controlled for decades , and centuries come back and start to <unk> .
The economy needs .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just put her relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average average speed needed .
I mean , just to the speed of the speed that they 're going to move in the contemporary age .
And usually we do n't care about it , and we did n't know , <unk> or we have our cup of coffee , our bag of water , our bottle of water .
We use them , we put them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a force force on the other side that 's going to be able to be able to do it .
So I want to give you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help you reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Your job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're <unk> .
And their job allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that keep us in safe of ourselves , our own waste of our own waste , our free , and that flow always has to stay in a form or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard the <unk> of a banana truck on the street , I grabbed my son my son running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as he was doing it all on him .
And I tried to thank you to do their work that particular day , but I started cry .
And I looked at me , and simply , and he said , `` Let 's be okay .
We 're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that I started to research the waste collection and I came back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we 're working together many times and we did good friends .
I want to believe it was right .
We 're going to be okay .
But in our efforts , we do n't have the way we exist on this planet as a species , we need to include and have to count all the costs , even the very real human cost of the work .
The city waste , what we think when we talk about junk , they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next thing to see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize .
Take a moment to say thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
And also also sharing the fact that the different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of various stories in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
The first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to date .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very big shops where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to take a lot of energy because the coating with crystals generates heat inside , so it 's necessary much cooling .
In a city that this should n't happen because it 's about a weather where it 's about 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , it does n't have nothing to see with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a worth of a place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually engaged with the old market that is this structure to the air , where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to the survey the site , which is located in a lot of the city of the city , where much of the buildings we now see in the image , there was n't .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , put all the entries on the building .
And this spreads with an aggressive atrium , which creates a space in the air in the building that would be <unk> , by their own way , the sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small business , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we 're going to bring to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a kind of concrete shell in order to allow the entry of the air , and also the light of light , but in the light .
And then we ended up in these beautiful buttons in the dressed of the corals .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces that are the windows that they leave the air and light in a way controlled inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building for night .
With these ideas was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It was n't what we asked . ''
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more cost-effective than the commercial center of the mall , because they had more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is short every day .
So we get a great advantage by putting <unk> on the ceiling .
And then under those panels , we thought about the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting , and there would be able to create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the ceiling , which set out water for the inside of the inside .
It 's waiting for the early year , so we 're going to go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to perform a project that 's so big , the biggest that I was designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also to their environment , his tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention in the <unk> , a $ 1,000 years old , he was surrounded by a wall with 12 doors of access to each lines 's almost straight lines .
When I went around , the first design operation we did was to expand the streets of the streets , creating 12 early early building blocks in size and features to which there is in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we pick up some political dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell cell , like the apartment , like the apartment , as an essential part of the teacher plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for a apartment in the <unk> weather ?
And it 's a lot , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So let 's put a framework that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make a higher density in the upper levels and a lower density in the plant .
And so I also built this idea of the doors .
The ceiling , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community space busy by building .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up , and you 're going to make it , and do things like running an race of two miles in the morning , or to jump from a building to another .
These two examples , you have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people change communities and local economies at the same rate that grow buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture for simple solutions , but affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect the nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had big hair with very brilliant hair and a little bit of <unk> <unk> , beautiful . It was super strong for the capital of states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I got my sinister plan .
One day I was in a time after the way of school , I was a little afternoon , and I hid in the girls of girls .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I entered the classroom , I took the table of my teacher 's book book .
And then I did .
<unk> <unk> . Just a little bit , just some .
All the way . And I brought back to the book , I was going to have to go back the book , but , to see , some of my other partners had very good notes .
So , in a frenzy , we 'll get the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them to all of the <unk> and myself just a row of this , just to be there , so I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea happened .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's that everything was obvious .
I never found me .
But about all , I 'm going to be able to tell me the reason why I felt that this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I 'm <unk> the jealousy .
They 're so <unk> and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . <unk> birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause one of the children of the children in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that makes loneliness , or long duration or the sadness .
So , you 've got to go to the fiction , because the novels are like the lab in the lab in the lab , in all their possible ways .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's a exaggeration to say that if I would n't have jealousy , we would have no literature .
Well , there would be n't the <unk> of the <unk> , there 's no longer .
There was no king king , not `` a thousand and a nights . ''
There 's no Shakespeare .
<unk> your high school lists , because we would be lost , `` The noise and the <unk> , '' he would n't have `` Come on , '' `` <unk> <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no fangs . I know it 's fashion to say it 's the answers for everything , and in terms of the jealousy , almost it has all .
This year , you 've got 100 years of his masterpiece , `` You 're looking for the most <unk> time , '' the most <unk> study of sexual jealousy , and also the ordinary outrage , all that we could have , and thinking , we have the <unk> details , right ?
We think of a child trying to get rid of sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forgot about how hard it is .
We 're looking at the mystery that is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia said were so hard as <unk> .
I do n't know how the cat was , but we assume that it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Leah .
It 's going to be very obvious , like the jealousy , you reduce the person , to their wish , they 're a very solid narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close from the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
One story about the lives of other people , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
It 's going to go back and audience , we know exactly what the details we put , to put the knife , right ?
The jealousy are doing all of them , and that 's something I understood .
All that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Leah says that every cool <unk> that <unk> <unk> in his lover , he adds up to his collection of <unk> instruments in his private camera .
You 've got to admit that we 're going to be able to say that we 're going to say , <unk> , they were kind of jealous .
You know , the clock 's clock would have to abandon the country , if they wanted to break with him .
But you do n't have to be so intimately to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to sleep .
And how are the jealousy ?
<unk> is <unk> .
<unk> use the details .
It 's like the great amounts of hair , brilliant hair and the nice and small <unk> .
The jealousy were <unk> of the photographs .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . It 's so successful the <unk> language with the jealousy .
When you 're going to be in his ancestry of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors , and they were going to go down to their lover , then those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real value . ''
It 's trying to prove that the jealousy is going to be <unk> , and they do seem to be <unk> , but in their heart , they 're searching for knowledge , search for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , how much the most painful thing , the most painful truth .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss , the loss , these were the tracks to wisdom 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , it causes us to be a whole range of psychological feelings , much more profound feelings of the most profound and vital man that makes us interest . ''
Is it saying that we 're going to look for men ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal ourselves .
And there is any other excitement that makes us open to this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement , we 're going to tell us our <unk> , our awkward ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at so peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this .
One day , Freud was visited by a young young young young woman who was born with the idea that his wife would <unk> .
And Freud says that there was a strange thing in that man , which was not <unk> in what his wife did .
It was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realizing , fishing behaviors .
<unk> too much ? Or do it , would be <unk> with a man ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels describe very well how jealousy are going to look at intensity but without accuracy .
In fact , the most intense thing we are , we become a lot of the fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy will take us to make violent acts or illegal .
It takes us to behave in completely <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news .
A woman from 52 years of age was captured by having a fake account on Facebook since he would send up messages , horrible to himself , horrible to himself .
For a year .
She was trying to go back to the new friend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because we 're realistic .
What huge , even though , <unk> , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorite .
She 's a very bizarre character and brilliant of the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books who are trying to how the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the kingdom of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it could be , it can be instant .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you 've got to take up from your self to be , and you 've ever got it in the floor , and it 's under the floor , it takes your rings , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you back around the world , so much as I want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy .
So , are we good citizens of social networks , where the coin is envy ? Right ?
I 'm not sure ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> Street , and I ask you by opium .
When people think of them , you think about the curse <unk> at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been asked .
Oh , I 'm so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but it 's <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in the each of the mysteries .
But as you work together , something starts to change , and finally , in the <unk> of the Six <unk> , and once she walks , <unk> to all of his solution , <unk> it back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> that I would n't want to do .
It 's one of the very few times that we 're looking at <unk> in history . I think this very emotional . That scene also is mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat connection as a geometry of geometry , without excitement .
You know , in a minute , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What happens if the jealousy are really a kind of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can <unk> with it .
But I 'm like plans plans .
So while we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction fiction .
It 's just the <unk> fiction .
And the fiction used the headlights , he invites them to the table .
And look at what 's going on : the sweet <unk> , the scary Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the <unk> kettle .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
The 21 of July , 1969 , fireflies jumped out of jumped out of the Apollo 11 , and he went on the Sea of the <unk> .
Armstrong , they were alone , but his presence on the gray surface , was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the most beginning in peace in the U.S. history .
To get to the moon , NASA I spent about 200 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the crew of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo Louis <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
And he ended up on his surface , from which they sell after the death of Armstrong last year , is now the most old man .
So , why were they ?
They did n't have a lot of around : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The 1999 answer is , because the Kennedy Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the same words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 , give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why do we turn it into our goal ?
And they could also ask , why would we scale the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly about the Atlantic ?
Why do he plays against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporary , the Apollo was not just an victory of the West on the Cold War .
In the time , the most strong emotion was the most strong thing to the transcendence of the powers of technology .
It was because it was great to do it .
The landing on the moon , it happened in a context of a long list of compassion .
The first half of the 20th century made the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> , and he was invented the smallpox .
The technology seemed to have to have been able to have what I took in the 1970s called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with candle , but in 1969 , the crew of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles .
From 1970 , no human being in the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 , and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to see that problems that we can imagine that the technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world 's population seem to have a result .
I remember at Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that I do n't go to the <unk> tube .
I knew that this would be the last mission , but I was completely sure that I could see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what 's what happened to our capacity to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it over the two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists were on , and they were forced with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong in most of these things .
They 've expanded and separates our lives .
But we do n't have the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a sensible explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have been created less ambitious companies that those of the years that I was going to give up Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty , in particular , the incentives that the risk capitalists offer to entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of <unk> ideas for the funding of fresh problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were in their high point without worrying about the risk , they 're getting small investments , a lot of investments that could come out in 10 years .
<unk> . You 've always had trouble to invest with the benefit in technologies as energy , they need a huge capital , and it 's long-term , and they have never invested in the development of technologies , because they do n't have a real business value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we chose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we want .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars it would require a political decision that was popular , and that 's never going to happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars , because everybody thinks there 's more important things to do on the Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the global consumption of energy comes from sources of renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> .
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than sunlight and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternatives that can compete in price . There are no .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists are according to what policies and international treaties to develop the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of control .
But there 's no hope in the political climate that we 'll see an energy policy policy that reflects that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological , it 's not going to be .
We know from a long time that deals are a result of failure in the food .
But 30 years of research , we 've taught us that hunger are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like the crops or systems for the storage and the systems for storage and food , but there 's a deal while there were bad governments .
Finally , the great problems to be able to make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The president Nixon was declared war in the cancer in 1971 , but we soon discover that there are many kinds of cancer , a few of these kinds of cancer , a lot of resistant to the treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective treatments and viable .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can and we have , but these four elements have to be here : the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it must be really a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like this as a metaphor for the ability to solve the technology to solve big problems .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like in the Cold War , there 's not a politician like John Kennedy that would <unk> how hard and the dangerous thing , and there 's not an popular mythology of science fiction like to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it was easy .
I was just three days .
And actually , I did n't even have any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start to start <unk> the hard ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that you have become a lot of our society .
I think they 're three .
The first one is a belief : there 's been a great reduction of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second one is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third one is a task : we should recover trust .
I think it 's going to do it , the objective and the task are wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a statement , a goal and a task , which I think I have a more clear idea about the subject .
First of all , why people think that trust has gone ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'm going to be able to think that there can be gone in some activities or institutions , and that could have increased in other .
I do n't know .
But I can go to the polls of opinion , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has gone .
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time , there 's no evidence of it .
I mean , the people of the people who are <unk> 20 years ago , mainly journalists and political and politicians , and we follow the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago : judges , nurses , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and , by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly in half the way .
But is this evidence enough ?
What the polls of opinion is , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at are the generic attitudes that people do .
Does the politicians do ?
Now , if someone would tell you , `` <unk> in the <unk> ?
<unk> in the fishermen ?
<unk> in the elementary school ?
I 'll probably say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust you in some , but in other .
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to train trust trust .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , <unk> or kind of person , it 's going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain teacher I know to give the class of reading , but in any way to drive the school .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more <unk> to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is , why are we going to go out of the whole knowledge , when we think about trust in the trust form ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to get the good inherent trial in fact to trust in something or someone .
Secondly , what happens to the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
And frankly , I think it 's a stupid objective .
It 's not that the objective that I would do .
I have to have more trust in what is <unk> , but not what it 's not .
Ultimately , I 'm a believer of not to trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were going to take their savings with the very active term called Mr. Madoff , which then disappeared with them , I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not a smart objective in this life .
It 's going to be sitting out of the voice , it 's the right goal .
Once you once say , it says , yes , it means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do a trial about how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think to be able to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that one person is competent in the <unk> issues , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be interested in trust .
But if you 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I 've got friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't make a letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to be able to be able to get it into your own pain .
And I 'm happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it 's like , I still do n't tell me .
But that 's what we 're looking for : opium before trust .
Democracy is the answer .
It 's what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , and the government , and so on , you would make them easier to make the task .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking about a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that you take more time to do the <unk> paperwork .
And we find the same problem in all our public life , and institutional , that the accountability of accountability is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that , `` Get the boxes . ''
You know , I 'm sure you know similar examples .
All of that , the goal .
I think the goal should be more opium , and the things would be different if you 're going to be worthy of trust , and we would encourage people that we are reliable and if you 're going to try to figure out whether other people , drugs are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the trial , simple , the simple acts , the attitudes , what it does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> to the task to rebuild trust , puts things around .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , it 's why we give us the other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You 've got to give you the foundations enough to trust you .
You 've got to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , generally , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to make sure that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily day , everywhere , the common people , the funding , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple business example .
The store where I buy my socks say I can leave them without giving explanations .
I take them up and give me the money , or you get them through the color that I want .
That 's cool . I trust them , because they were very vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you come up vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have trust what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're pointing is is not a very hard thing to tell .
So what people trust is in the relationships , and in that frame , you can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginnings of computers , we 've been working by reducing the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material and the world of the screen that the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has gone down , and more and more and more , to a point that today is less than one millimeter , the glass glass of the glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to all .
But I ask myself , and if there would n't be barriers ?
I started to imagine how it would be .
First of first created this tool that you 've got in the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen , his physical body to the pixels .
Designers can <unk> their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool you break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole skill of your hands ?
In the divide of Sciences 's National Francisco , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and it became a little space on the keyboard in a digital area .
And so I took a radical bombsight with cameras deep to detect the fingers and the face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab it directly with your hands directly .
As the windows and the files have a location in real space , <unk> is so easy as a book of a shelf .
You can look through the book , and I 'm looking for lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that there are below every floating screen .
Now , architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands directly .
Now , in these examples , we 're in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information coming into us ?
Now , you know , many of us would have bought them and come up with the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> for the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on the head or <unk> when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we have this idea more far , I thought , instead of just looking at the space in space , how can we do the physicists so we can touch them and feel ?
How would it be a future ?
In the MIT Media Media Lab with my coach nervous and my collaborator <unk> , we created this only physical pixel .
This schematic magnet is defined as a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was to call gravity and control the movement through a combination of MRI , <unk> mechanical and detectors .
And when we program the object , we release it from the constraints of time and space , what you want to say that human movements can <unk> and go back to breed and stay in forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , physically , and the famous take of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality sometimes we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of the planets , the physics , and the textbooks , or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience , this is very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our daily physical activities .
As you see , the digital information is not just going to show us something , but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without we have to be able to get rid of our world .
We started the talk of today talking about a barrier , but if we redefine that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was <unk> to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to give up to a school for athletes with all expenses costs .
But my mom said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
And then to survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed firmly that there was just a precise path to happiness : a safe job and great job .
No matter whether the job I would like , or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
A opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the <unk> , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
And I wrote the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But to any adult <unk> the idea .
No adult I was serious .
Only my friends were supported , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was already too much higher to train .
My dream will never work .
<unk> , that during the rest of my life is a single thing to what I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look at another calling .
Nobody I wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> books .
[ <unk> <unk> . ) [ `` <unk> '' ] <unk> ] ] I came to the United States , in 1995 , and what were the first books you here ?
The ones who were banned in China , of course .
The Good Earth is about life <unk> Chinese .
And it 's not really convenient . It 's <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` <unk> to your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and a lot better .
So it became my tool to go out of this trap , <unk> , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture , it was also a new culture to my reading habit .
<unk> many perspectives .
For example , at the beginning of this map , I felt outside , because this is what the students in China learning .
I had n't happened to me , China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
<unk> reading is not a new thing .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's up to research research as low religion and literature .
Let 's go and fix it , it provides academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought , if you 've got a lot of special reading , why do n't you do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books for two .
They can be from people , `` Benjamin Franklin . ''
For the Christ , it 's economic , policies and spiritual .
By the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The head of <unk> Tzu '' ] `` The <unk> of the <unk> '' Alan <unk> ] Instead of lost in the translation , I found that you can make a lot of her .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese , it literally means `` joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , it literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present .
I know you would n't go back to feeling alone or powerless .
Having a huge dream really does n't have anything compared to what many other people have suffered .
And I 've come to believe that compassion is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is connecting to the place that they come from , where the dreams come from , where the passion comes in .
To a dream , he can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , I 'm here , happy , living with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So , the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first psychotherapy of psychotherapy .
I was a graduate student in psychology in Berkeley in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
And Alex went to the first session , using jeans and a <unk> I was threw on the couch of my office was pulled out the shoes and said I wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so upset .
My son of class had a <unk> as a <unk> .
And to me , I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought on the sessions , it was easy to just move the head while the solution is .
`` Patients are the new 20 , '' saying Alex , and so I saw it , she was right .
You start to work next , go home later , it 's got children later , to death .
It 's going to look down like Alex and I had time .
But shortly later , my supervisor reminded me to push her to Alex that I would talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Oh , yeah , it 's coming out of the guys under his category , it 's sitting with a head , but it 's not like to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not not , but maybe they get married to the next one .
In addition , the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before you get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex were a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment , and we were throwing it .
So I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real real problem , and I had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , and the future of all around the place .
There 's 50 million volumes in the United States , today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think anybody comes to adulthood , without going to the <unk> .
Raise your hand if they 're in their <unk> .
I want to see the top of here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a <unk> , you take your dream , I want to see . It 's good . Amazing , the most truth of truth matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the keys in life will go to 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! ''
People over 40 , they do n't panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win .
We know that more than half of the Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future .
We know that the brain ends up their second and final phase of growth in their <unk> , and they were <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change themselves , now is the time to change it .
We know that the personality is more times during their <unk> than in any other time of life , and we know that the female fertility comes to her top to the 28 , and things become complicated to 35 .
<unk> are the time to educate them on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where their daily life and common life has a <unk> impact on the person that will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there 's something called an adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in the adult development .
But this is not what you 're listening to you .
The newspapers talk about changes in the time of the time .
The researchers call them a <unk> adolescence .
The journalists were <unk> names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've added a bit of what 's actually the decade that defines adulthood .
He 's originally saying that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think about , when you give you a lot of your head in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
It 's nothing .
They told that person , the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , smart , interesting things like you or their children and daughters get to my office and say something like , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship is not going to kill . ''
Or they say , `` They all say that while I start a race before the 30 , everything will be okay . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of the chairs .
All they were running , but then at some point around the 30 , the music went out , and they all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one that was going to be stopped , so sometimes I think I got married to my husband because he was the nearest chair .
Where are the ones here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little end , but it 's not bad , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure to the '40s and so many of starting a career , to choose a city , choose a city , and having two or three children in a long time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , it 's much harder and stressful to do everything again to the '30s .
The average age crisis is not about buying the red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You know that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> you see themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they speak about her <unk> , `` What was I doing ? ''
I want to change what you 're doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
On the 25th , Emma came to my office , because I was , in their own words , having a identity crisis .
He said that I would like to work in art or entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as well .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend who was more compelled to ambition .
And despite living a very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even harder .
<unk> often in our sessions , but then he got to put it out , `` You do n't choose her family , but you can choose to choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came into his head on his legs and cried for almost every time .
I had just buy a new textbook for me , and I had spent all the morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that 's still after the words , `` In emergency case . ''
I was at the point of the conversation when he saw and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to care about whether cancer is ? ''
At the time , I took a lot of hard work to resist and say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that I really needed .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in the late decade of Emma .
So for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all of us did , man or woman , deserves to know .
First of all , I said to Emma who was inspired from this identity crisis , and <unk> capital capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
To make something that you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of my career of Emma , and nobody knows the future of the work , but I know this : identity capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's the time for the other side of the country , from that business , of that company you want to test .
I 'm not going to dig up the <unk> exploration , I 'm bending the exploration that should n't count , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to her that I would explore jobs , and I would tell them .
Secondly , I told Emma that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the ones you get together with friends with similar minds to be similar to who you know , what you know , how you think , how do you work .
That new piece of capital , that new person to come out almost always comes out of their closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called <unk> <unk> friends from their friends .
Yes , half of you have a bad job or no work .
But the other half , not , and the weak ties are the way of <unk> to this group .
Half of the works , they never laughed , then , to know the head of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Finally , not less important , Emma believed that you do n't take her family , but I know his friends .
This was true when I was growing , but as I was growing , Emma , Emma <unk> to her family , when you 've got a couple and shape your own family .
I said to her that time to choose her family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you .
But to choose the person to you that you live now or you 're going to tell you now when everyone on Facebook , you start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that means to be so intentional in love as you 're in the work .
You 've got your family to be a conscious election of who and what you want instead of just doing it work or killing time with who you will choose to you .
So what happened to Emma ?
All right , we looked at that board , and she found the fellow of a quarter of a cousin who worked in a art museum in another state .
This weak link helped me get a job there .
So that work supply gave me a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living .
Now , five years later , it 's kind of special events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
He loves her new career , I love her new family , and I 'm sending a letter to say , `` Now the emergency of emergency people are not great enough . ''
The story of Emma can sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with it .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes that go out of the airport of Los Angeles , they go back to some place the West .
Just before the two , a light light in their trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , to the 21 or 25 and even at 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the things you know .
It 's so simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I 've got the privilege of telling you to look forward as Emma every day : <unk> all the days : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their neighbor capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
You do n't let you define why they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very <unk> job in a job of a job that was even more challenging : the movies .
I was going to teach you mathematics to graduate students in New York schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I 'll give you homework .
When the job come back , <unk> the ratings .
What I called the attention was that the <unk> . It was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of the ones who had a better performance , they did n't have <unk> .
A few of my smarter kids were n't going so well .
And that makes me think about .
The kind of things that need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , safe , they are hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a noticed .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time .
After many years , I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a molecular perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if we succeed in school and life is dependent on a lot more than the ability to learn very fast and easy way ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My team of research , and I went to the French Academy West .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training , and who are <unk> .
We went to the <unk> of <unk> and trying to predict what kids are going to be in the competition .
We studied working teachers working in the slums working in the slums , and let 's tell you what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and of those , who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning ?
We associate with private companies , wondering , what of these marketers are going to keep their work in work ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a feature as an important feature of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't good like , physical health , and it was n't the <unk> .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long goals .
The determination is to have resistance .
The determination is to replace their future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future reality .
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a job at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school , I asked them to get my comfort of determination , and then I waited around a year to see who are <unk> .
It turns out that kids with more determination , they had significantly higher odds of graduate school , even when you 've been on in each other that I could measure , things like healthcare , the results of standardized trial , even the security that they felt the children when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West 's West , or in the National <unk> of <unk> in which it matters . It 's also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
To me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little you know the science about their development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do they development for kids ?
What do I do to teach kids a hard work of work ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that the talent does n't determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is commonly not related or it 's even related to the kinds of talent .
And so far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination in the children is something called `` growth . ''
This is an idea developed at the University of Stanford 's University by Carol , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to come up when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mentality is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And there 's where I end up my speech , because there 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to try .
We need to measure if they have been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all again with the lessons that I learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children are more specific .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the way and the form of Chinese characters .
From the time , I 'm going to be <unk> for this amazing language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as dysfunctional as the Great China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can take up this wall , so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do that .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese can be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw each of the strokes in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day during the next 15 years .
Because we just have five minutes , it 's better than we make it in a very fast way .
An Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read signals of traffic , menus of restaurants , understanding the basic idea of websites or the newspapers .
Now we start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a ride .
<unk> .
If the way of fire is a person with arms in both sides , as if I was screaming in the same way , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is <unk> in the form of the call , but I like to believe it 's in the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
These are building blocks so that they think of more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` I 'll follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretches his arms , this person 's saying , `` I was so big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Take a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
You take a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot , '' by remembering to remember , already a <unk> tree .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two together , it 's very hot .
Three of them together , that 's a lot of flames .
Take the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two together .
Three together .
You take the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after a day and one night .
The sun comes on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . You take a table inside the door , it 's the doors of the door .
Take a mouth inside the door , making questions .
<unk> , there 's someone in home ?
This person is coming out of a door , <unk> , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're arguing .
Three women together , you have care about it .
So we 've already spent for almost 30 characters .
When I use this method , the first eight radical we will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters to build other 32 .
So with every little effort , you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing you learn a Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese .
So after I meet the characters , we started to create phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain mountain . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the sun .
This is a sun put up with the origin , because Japan is to this of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two Mountains Mountains on the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you to go out is a way .
This is a slide to remind you I have to stop talking about the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my children , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film takes his imagination for months .
Your favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand it 's extraordinary .
We 're now living and raising our children in a kind of professional childhood complex .
However , the magician 's magician was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend actually took rise to 40 years later with , curiously , another film whose actors , a metal boy , a <unk> boy , and a <unk> boy was <unk> to a girl .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a great difference between these two films , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the ones .
But I think , if the magician of Oz is doing today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy .
Do you make magic shoes to defeat the congestion of the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic , wise , wise characters are women .
I started to notice this when I made to see Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At the time , I had a son .
Only three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of the oversight had down , so I went down in the room , and I was impressed in the room , and I was impressed as a mother leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he would understand everything .
I wonder what it was .
Would you be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Is the feeling that Luke is a military to motivate the government ?
So let 's take this with the magician of 1939 .
How do you make Dorothy his film ?
<unk> <unk> with all and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz , OK ? And not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why are there so much force capital , force in the movies for our children , and so little on the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know by experience that the <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that I had been used to navigate the world of the adults that 's a lot of , I think that at the time of the first kiss , I actually hoped that the kids started to come up because it 's the end of the film , right ?
My quest is finished , I have girlfriend .
Why are you going to go up there ?
I do n't know what I have to do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get your reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventure .
It 's almost like to be a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a <unk> suit .
There 's a lot of exceptions , and I 'm going to argue about Disney to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though , the kids , they 're not really their objective public .
They make a great job to teach the girls how to defend them against the patriarchy , but it does n't necessarily show the kids how to defend defend them .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop it .
Of course , the most successful issue of all the time continues to come up in classic after classical , each of them about the adventure of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are getting a child .
Until many of you are thinking , this year , finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the critical criticism said ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has done a film of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let the stop .
Well , almost none of these films is the test test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not made roots and it spreads , but maybe we start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book , and in the middle of the '80s , I recorded a conversation that had had a friend on the assessment of the movies you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that should be done : in the film , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you 've got the requirement .
These women talk to each other in the movie ?
Your conversation are about something else of the boy that you like ? Okay . Thank you very much . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Two women that exist and talk about things between yes .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and we love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , <unk> , an idea of a consensus of what is an Hollywood movie .
Basically , it 's not going to be the test test .
And I do n't think it was , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen , a lot of the film is happening in a Embassy where men and women were hide during the crisis of the everyday .
We have a lot of men who have profound conversations that have profound and painful conversations in this touch , and it 's the great time for one of the police to take a look at the door and say , `` You go to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go to the numbers .
In 2011 , of the most popular movies , how many of them think they have to be actors ?
Go . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a larger number that 's going to convince you this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one of every five women says that it 's been sexually sexually sexually hearing in their life .
I do n't think that 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
I do n't think that the music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is there 's a great amount of sex .
Who are those guys ? What are these guys ?
What do you do n't learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that the role of a male hero is to beat up with violence with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't speak ?
So we are <unk> that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same , we find this world , and we want to be <unk> .
We 've got tools to our disposal , and we expect that to help , but I have to ask , <unk> is going to <unk> if , at the same time , active or vulnerable , we 're educating our children to keep their own power power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and I 'm talking about the parents .
I think we 've got to show our children children a new definition of <unk> .
<unk> definition is radically radically radically .
You 've read about how new economy is changing the role of the home , and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite favorite character , you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anybody , and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help you reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I tell my son : Go to go and struggle just and more stories where I saw her work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women to improve and become better people , like the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
From a child , I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked was to find out of the seas on the shores of Maine , because my parents said that I 'm lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They are covered with sand and it 's hard to see it .
However , at the time , I was used to take them .
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and the archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes was not enough .
Because , of course , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at a almost $ inch of length .
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities .
This is actually what led me to use satellite images .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see it in the other way .
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared .
This is a located place in the eastern River of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , simple view , it seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared and we process it using a false color , all the place you see as bright pink .
What you 're looking at are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the other Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that I was located in some place close to the pyramids of the two kings that built them , and somewhere inside of the red circles here , but somewhere inside this enormous <unk> .
This area is enormous , it 's about roughly <unk> for <unk> miles .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to the <unk> and as it changed the time , moved to this and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a growing city in a large landscape ?
I 'll try to train the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with the eyes , and using baseball gloves .
So , we use data from NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the frontiers are .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly high area that you see inside the circle here , we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we made out of the Egyptian scientists doing the jobs , you can see it here .
When I say , it 's like the shots of shows in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we seek out of the human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick layer of mud , we find a dense layer of the pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five feet down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years to date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period we think is <unk> .
We also find jobs of <unk> , <unk> , potassium and <unk> , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common rocks used in the glass of the Middle Empire , these are the rocks that were used .
So we have a dense layer of occupation that 's going on the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence from an elite department , which shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but we 're going to go to the place in a nearby future .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of the satellite technology so they can also perform great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , he was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
I share knowledge is the most of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on the land .
So as it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Now , the ideas really started in 1984 B.C in a lost city , not for a long time and found from the top .
It certainly puts the search of shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
So imagine from foot outside , front of the door 's door .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that 's done .
Now let 's put a bunch of obese obese materials .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they go in direction to their door .
I need to look at this really .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're going to jump a lot .
And pop out of the door of your house .
There are bikes flying everywhere , wheels they go on their side , the rays of the wheels that end up in places .
In the lobby , the hallway , or what 's the other side of the door , and you look at the quality of light . The light takes over the <unk> of the <unk> .
It 's dressed up with your hand hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse .
You can feel his blue coat saying it in your nose .
You can smell the cookie cookie , and you 're going to take a point of getting into the mouth .
You 're going to talk about one side and they trained their living room .
In the room , and making the peak of your imagination , you can imagine conjunction .
It 's a little bit of clothing , dancing on his center of the center , singing `` <unk> I am <unk> <unk> . ''
Now let me follow the kitchen .
The soil has been recorded with a yellow bricks , and from the oven come to you Dorothy , the <unk> <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz '' , <unk> for you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that 's taken every spring in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States . ''
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess , this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were a number of men and a few other ages of different ages and different habits habits .
They were looking at hundreds of random numbers , looking at just once .
<unk> the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
<unk> poems in just a few minutes .
<unk> to see who I could memorize the way the order of a deck of the letters .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed <unk> who had come from England , and it has one of the best trained .
I said , `` Ed , when you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of those who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've trained to perform these remarkable acts of memory using a few ancient techniques , invented a few years ago in Greece , the same techniques that were used to memorize their speeches , and that academics were used to memorize them books .
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do I have n't heard about this before ? ''
We were sitting outside of the classroom , and Ed , who 's a wonderful English and brilliant English English , but a little bit <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know , you know ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ? No , why ?
`` Because I would like to teach them , and I 'd like to teach him how to memorize the order in a deck of happier live , national television .
That would give you the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not equipped with it , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start for something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up happening the most part of the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what can be your potential .
I met a bunch of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
Your memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone 's incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see what our memory is going to be .
In the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the paper 's role .
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City , I 'm wearing telephone books ; it was healed .
And when you go back , it 's a lot of treated about the memory of the memory , something about 2,000 years in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Age .
And I learned a lot of interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having a trained memory , disciplined and stranger was not a thing as rare as it can .
A long time ago , people put in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have done our modern world , but we also have changed .
They 've been completely solved , and I would say that we 've changed a lot of mind .
As we almost do n't have to remember to remember , sometimes I think we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet in our planet where we are still getting passionate people for this idea of a trained memory , disciplined and species is this very unique competition .
It 's actually not so singular ; there 's a bit like this in the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at the College University of London invited a group of memory 's memory .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brains in some way , structural , different brain of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more smart than the rest ?
They gave them a lot of cognitive test , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory of memory , and the subjects of control is that we compare them .
When they put them into a MRI machine , <unk> their brains as a <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snow , they found that in the memory of memory are <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
In effect , they were used , or it seemed to use , a part of the brain that has to have a memory memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The playground of competitive marriages is driven as a armed career where every year shows someone with a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to do the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times .
In his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of the <unk> letters that he 's about trying to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented , and it only is .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> !
<unk> . Yes .
And while there 's a great amount of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used to be reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I wonder , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who said that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said his job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to remember , that 's rare .
What happens here ?
Well , the name of Baker , it actually does n't mean nothing for you .
And with all the memories that dance for her head .
But the word , `` <unk> . ''
They use these white hats .
They have flour .
<unk> well when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you take that word for the first time , we started to put <unk> <unk> in some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to make this happen about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Seattle .
It 's known as the `` memory . ''
The story says , `` There was a poet called <unk> that I went to a cancer .
They had been hired as entertainment , because before , if I wanted to give a very good party , it was not brought to a poet , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his poem of memory , and he stood up , and so soon as soon it was , the room 's room collapsed .
They kill everyone .
But not only the killed everyone , but it 's getting the body left .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So they could n't make the body .
One tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes , and I realized that in his mind , I could see where I had been sitting on every invited .
I took the family of the hand , <unk> where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What we 're going to realize at that time is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it is that no matter whether we 're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial space .
If you 're going to tell you the first 10 words of the story that I just tell you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you 're going to tell you who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in his lobby , they would be able to be <unk> .
The idea of the memory of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind , and it 's <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , and the most crazy , crazy , funny , funny , funny , <unk> image .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to do the memory , in the same way that I had a guess if he was invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is to imagine you 're in the door of your house .
And I come up with some sort of a absolutely ridiculous picture , crazy and illegitimate and revolutionary thing to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering their house , and seeing the <unk> of the <unk> of the <unk> .
And that will remind you you want to introduce her friend Ed .
And then you would look at it together to remind you that funny funny that you want to count .
And then they go back in the kitchen , and the fourth subject of that they would talk to be that odd journey that made a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember .
So it 's like <unk> speakers , it 's not a word for word , which is going to describe it , but typical of a typical one .
In fact the term `` typical , '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about the speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in his memory .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I went on full of that .
I went to some of these problems , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive people .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
In serious , it 's like seeing a bunch of people sitting using tests . I mean , the most exciting thing about it is when someone else 's going on .
I 'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there 's amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realize that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put it in their place .
So I started going to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem . Or the names of an old school sanctuary in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was entertaining .
I would never have hoped that it was .
It was entertaining , because it was n't just to train the memory .
What it is actually about doing is improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I became pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard standard team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security goggles covered with tape , leaving just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had been covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could have , in a kind of experiment .
I thought this could be good enough for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came from control .
And I won the competition , something I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and the phone numbers , and it 's actually not the point .
These are so only tricks .
Because it 's based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary that you 're going to be able to build the memory of the memory or memorize <unk> , to benefit with a little bit of insights on how it works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was trying to an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great need to educate them .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they 're doing it .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of whole attention that most of us are n't going to be <unk> out there .
But the reality is that there 's no shortcuts .
So it 's how things do .
And if there 's something I want to leave you today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I quit me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our real existence of <unk> in the basements or iPhones , do n't pay attention to us to be human in front of us , who walks to our side , and we 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even care about process deep ?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible capabilities capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remember remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 're going to be just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a New Jersey , I was six years old , and I lived there in my parents in a village named <unk> , and this was my child 's child .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that I was going to be in the room of being .
And there 's all the time looking at the TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , all of me see me , and every time I 'm going to go back and go back into a towel , you all see me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those emotions , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , it 's not about the areas , but of those <unk> , emotional connections , we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's not a wonder that we feel in that way , because according to the U.S. Protection Agency pass 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
Or it is , 90 percent of the time we 're surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture takes us in ways we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you are , you think about `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know you 're thinking about it in a building building a half 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that we use the architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we built our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a lot ago , a long time .
We use it 200 years to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> <unk> , solid , in front of the sea , full of the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways you know they 're going to work .
So we find out of buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> State Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has this dome ; it 's got this round thing , columns , red red , which they leave <unk> what 's going to communicate with this building : children , the values of ownership , history .
But it does n't have a lot to see with a library of today .
That same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , it ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So , how do we be possible in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of them , like , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects who are constantly getting new technologies , new <unk> , new solutions for life forms .
<unk> , we 'll be able to be able to be able to be able to go out so much of the people .
All of the black , this is going up . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead in it because we do n't have another option .
We need to go on the other hand and go back to those symbols .
So we 're doing it , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we started to experience the pendulum of back to go , again and again . So we 've done in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago from the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It has to see with the concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , in scale .
Something really hard .
So we get to the '80s , and we started making those symbols .
It 's <unk> the pendulum in the other direction .
We took those ways we know and the <unk> .
It 's <unk> and we added ready and we use new materials .
I love them .
We do n't give you <unk> .
We took <unk> , and we put it in skyscrapers , that you can be charged medieval lines .
The forms are <unk> , they won in my hair and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
They grew up to the size of the buildings .
It 's crazy .
But they were 80 , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial centers , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasy could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
You can be able to have a bread of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we collect memories of other places .
I know very well , and all you know , this is not the greatness .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we started making the pendulum of new in the other direction .
In the '80s , the early 1990s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols , now we have to tell with new design techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions , a few ways that would relate to other ways .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 're totally <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum of new in the opposite direction .
But then , a remarkable thing happened .
In 1997 , this building this building .
It 's the forefront of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare times when critical , academics and public public , they were completely according to a building .
The New York Times was <unk> this <unk> building .
The tourism in Bilbao grew over a 2,500 percent when the building ended up .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is this possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is we possible to become ubiquitous worldwide ?
And it happened , because the media will come up around them and quickly learned that those forms of culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these ways .
The same thing made the main mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with another star architects .
He was going to appreciate it and to Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium , actually started going to go through the entire architecture of information consumption .
Think , for example , how they consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked until the next village to see a building .
The transportation is fast : you can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
<unk> technology . You can see in the newspapers , on television , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is beyond their physical location .
architecture is everywhere now , that means that the speed of communications is finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not very precise for thinking about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 , or 100 buildings , before I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find out of buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two of two years , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we did n't have any idea of how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen to happen . I think , because we 're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete , the steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when we apply the pendulum to media media , it starts to go and faster and faster extreme extreme extreme extremes , and it was effectively made the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , the architects , and you , the public .
Now we can do most instant symbols , with emotional burden , from something completely new .
I 'll teach you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that was invented .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in the state of New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before you would end up the building , it was already part of the community , and as the pictures was exactly the product over the end , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to get and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , they 're the images that you did the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , you become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and when you charge these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell you each other what we think about architecture , because the digital media is not only the relationship between us , but they 've changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those librarians of <unk> .
If that building is building today , we first went to the Internet in search of `` new libraries . ''
I would be bombarded with examples of experimentation , of innovation , what can be a library .
That 's biased .
<unk> that you can take to the mayor of <unk> , and they 'll tell you that there 's no only answer to what it can be a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
Now , architects are already not those mysterious creatures that are using words and kind of complicated words , and one is no longer a common audience that does n't have seen before .
The architects can listen to them , and you do n't get rid of architecture .
That means that the pendulum of the <unk> of a self , from a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go forward and find solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings of today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad international imitation of red brick based on what it should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the ways they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings are going to be <unk> to the disadvantages of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sport or for yoga , or even one can marry there at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the New York City , and raising half a million dollars from the community together , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little <unk> pavilion , as <unk> and <unk> as the animals you 're going to see .
Because it does n't matter if it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we built , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and more nice .
We 've been waiting for everyone you want .
And finally , we 're not in opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings do n't only reflect our society , but they can shape to the smallest spaces : the local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the walk of the bedroom in the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It was just a year and he started walking .
And it 's about that great , typical of the kids in a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things I like to do for the time is to look at the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
They laughed and <unk> , and it gives itself the same big kisses .
It 's beautiful .
There 's all his friends doing this and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he asked me to think : When I 've got a couple of doing this ?
How is we that suddenly we do n't taste with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and live in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , despite her mom says all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says it 's ugly .
Between what his mom says , and what his friends , or their friends , you do n't know who to believe .
So he makes a video of her same , he made it on YouTube , and ask others to leave a comment : `` I 'm nice or I am ugly ? ''
Well , so far , it has gotten over 13 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy teenager , normal and current , which gets these answers in one of the stages of their life .
Thousands of people are paying videos like this , in their majority girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it getting to do this ?
Well , the teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , `` <unk> , '' and I love it , and sharing , sharing , this never ends up .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , so young , as young .
As a mother said , `` It 's like there 's a party in his room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that they 're lying .
This environment , to be always connected to our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like , and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no divide between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real , or what it is n't .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what it is authentic and what is authentic .
What 's the most scary thing in the life of someone in front of what is a normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are cover of the stories of the girls now .
You 're going to go out of zero size , they 're still going to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what you compare the young people .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the heart of the sports of the sport , and the singers .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we surely want our children to grow healthy and they are <unk> individuals .
But in a <unk> , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of everyone else in their identity .
Things like their relations , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other ways start to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls would prefer to do something because you think you do n't see it .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings , and as humans can society and the workforce of the workforce .
31 percent , almost one of every three teenagers are not interested in the discussions of class , and they 're going to participate in the early classroom because they do n't want to call attention for their physical aspect .
One of each five are not attending to classes at all over the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the season of tests , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you are thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is bound in Finland , the United States and China .
And it turns out regardless of what these young people are .
So , for course , we 're talking about how you you see , not how you 're really .
The low self-worth on his body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers are getting less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participate in more diet that can take you to a food disorder .
They have low self-worth .
They are more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we thought it 's all about what they make more acute decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drugs , neural surgery , aesthetic surgery , aesthetic surgery , and without protection and <unk> damage .
The pursuit of the perfect body is moving to the healthcare system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates of incarceration .
17 percent of women do n't present to an interview interview in a day where they do n't feel safe with the way you see .
Think about a moment where this is doing our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be that opportunity ?
We 're going to have this potential to be interested for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , I do n't take you very far away .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first one is that we have to sacrifice trust in your own body .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many of a lot of political programs , without realizing , make the situation .
So we need to make sure that the program that we 're going to follow our children is not just going to have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six keys areas . The first one is the influence of the family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are <unk> for anybody willing to provide an education in body self-worth .
A education is fundamental , but I 'm going to deal with this problem requires each of us to take the truth in the issue and let 's be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
It makes the status of status of how women are sight and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you with our political politicians , or the size of their breasts , or the size of their breasts , or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge the people for what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start doing it by taking the responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks .
We can actually be able to the people based on their effort and their actions , and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In summary , we have to work together as communities , like governments and as businesses , to change our culture , so that our children will grow all their own person , compared to individuality , diversity .
We have to put the people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal .
So by making a difference in the real world , let 's make them go on the great screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think you 're never going to be told to be who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
My sister ?
You ?
You ?
It could be simply the woman that 's going to two car seats , what would it mean for her if it would be liberated from that voice , in its inside , which was preoccupied by not having long legs , happier , a deeper belly , small feet ?
What would it mean for her , and we would say , `` Do this and we would tell your potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is to leave us all .
But let our children really .
You know , the way you see is just one part of your identity , and the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do it .
They 're going to make self-esteem in our schools .
Let 's let each of us , the way we speak and we compare to other people .
And we were working together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the little <unk> of a year of today , it will become agents of safe change agents in themselves .
Let 's do it .
The five of November 1990 , a guy named <unk> <unk> entered a hotel in Manhattan , and he killed the rabbi <unk> , the leader of the Defense of Defense <unk> .
<unk> initially was innocent , but it 's being supported by the other rate , in the company of others , they started planning to a few 12 cones in New York , including tunnels , connecting and the United Nations .
So luckily , these plans are <unk> by a FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1973 of 1993 in the World Trade Center , he would n't stop .
Later , I would be convicted of their participation at that bomb .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being a Egyptian engineer , with a Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , high school teacher , the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , even the majority of Muslims .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to reach the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are <unk> as <unk> to their convictions that you think there are all the possible media so that everyone lived as they were .
A few months before the arrest , he sat up with me and explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , they had been going to run training in Long Island , to practice .
He said that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was underwater by the FBI .
When I signed up , my father helped me support the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to the goal to about 30 meters .
That day , with the final bullet that I gave , I gave the little orange light on the goal , and , to surprise all of all , especially mine , all the goal in flames .
My uncle went back to each other and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From a parent , a son .
You all have a lot of laughter a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they felt so funny .
You saw it in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be willing to put a little bit charged with 700 kilos of explosives in the northern tower of the North World Center Center , causing a blast that killed six people and bags to other 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called the <unk> , which means to uncle .
When I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone already was a moment of packing and leave another city .
Now , as I was always my new face of the class with frequency was a victim .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white . But it will be the new of the class , silent and a little bit , it was enough .
So most of the time I was in home reading books , watching TV or playing games .
For these reasons did n't developed social skills , to say it gently , for growing under <unk> , was not ready for the real world .
I refused to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that had test my way to think , was during the presidential election of 2000 .
In a <unk> program that I was born in the National National Company , in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> in the subject of youth violence , as I had been the victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group would come from various views .
One day , to the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light of this detail , and I realized that there was there any sensuality between the two .
I never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all the life was done to me .
Another crucial moment , when I got a summer job in Bush , a <unk> park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental in the development of my character .
All life was taught to me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that many of them were the most nice and less important thing I had seen in life .
Having been a child of the child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy to me to treat a nice people , exactly the way I would have to be treated .
So I was able to solve the stereotypes that they had taught me of a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how to be my fear , but I know what 's going to be written by something else from my control .
And then came the `` Holy Show . ''
All night , Jon Stewart made me to be honest about my <unk> , and I gave me to see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , you do n't have nothing to do with character .
In many ways he went back in a few ways , in a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish player had had a better influence in my life that my own father , simplicity , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my mother , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while it 's alive .
She looked at me with your eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough to <unk> <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
So at that time , I realized how much a negative energy needs to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So , why did I decided to go out and put it into a risk ?
Well , it 's easy .
I 've done it because I hope someone , some day , who 's going to lead to violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which even though I 'm going to get me to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to get a sudden .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against the biases .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the losses that terrorism has been produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those <unk> acts , like rejection 's actions .
With this example , I put myself here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , which children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
So at this time there 's a film that 's going on in your minds .
It 's an amazing film .
It 's in 3D and it has sound <unk> from what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
You feel your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It 's got emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a time of your childhood that 's going to stay in your eyes .
And it 's always a voice in your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Now consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have a own internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing you know more directly .
At least , I know I have a consciousness .
I have no certainty that you 're aware of .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were not conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not only robots that we 're going to have to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film ?
At this time , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I mean to integrate consciousness to science , they need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , for nature , is objective .
consciousness , for nature , is subjective .
So you can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , I 'll get that vision .
The psychology was teaching behavioral behavior , neuroscience was studying our brain 's brain , but never nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientists about consciousness about consciousness .
After 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger <unk> said , `` now is the time for science <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real blast , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But also it has fundamental limitations to the time .
The center of the science of consciousness was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something from this kind of great work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand a lot better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of watching faces or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science science .
We know these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of experiences of experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain is and what they correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
It 's without convincing neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the real mystery of this matter : why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is a subjective internal film ?
At this time , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's take a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like the odds , like the inmates , like the life , and we 're going to find explanation .
<unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how they operate the ones , how they work , how they play them , how they play it , they 're adapting and extend the living organisms . They 're all questions about the goal .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain , and how we walk , how we 're talking about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when you 're about consciousness , the questions about behavior are between the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the rise , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a kind of heart science .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I would beat me the head against the wall for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to be <unk> in this point .
We have a wonderful explanations chain , great . We were used to this -- physics explains the chemistry , the chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On a way , it 's a fact that we are aware .
On the other , we do n't know how to make that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need to need radical ideas , I think we need ideas to the beginning , crazy , crazy ideas , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific fashion .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett Dennett , which is here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there 's no hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so we study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness purely Amundsen , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is quite close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time that 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be censored .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take a few aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We had fundamental laws that govern it , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
In the contrary , they 're considered fundamental , and it 's building the world .
Sometimes the list of the key is to take .
In the 19th century , he discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , of Newton , and so I applied the basic laws of the bison , and I applied the electrical burden as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , the mass , you charge , then by a matter of logic , you 've got the list .
The most natural thing would be provided consciousness itself as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not an object of science .
It opens up the way to navigate scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , the time , the mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes tell us that we want fundamental laws that we can actually take them into a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find the fundamental laws so simple that we can actually take them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Audience , '' by all , `` <unk> , '' by all , the whole system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , the flies , even the microbes who are failing , the elementary particles .
There 's even a degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you say , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I never can slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , not .
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling , subjective , some primitive precursor of consciousness .
This can sound a little crazy for you .
How would anybody think something that crazy ?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time , time and mass , is natural suppose that can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth realizing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that are going to make the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's the information processing , there 's consciousness .
It 's about <unk> complex , as a human , complex awareness .
It 's simple , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , I took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of integration of information , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information embedded in a system .
And it 's supposed to be able to see with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an amazing degree of integration integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a degree of integration integration , just as much significant , high awareness of consciousness .
But when you go to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> .
The level of integration integration is lower , but it 's not zero .
In the <unk> theory , there 's still going to be a different awareness level of zero .
In fact , it takes a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that the <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers are often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality that underlies the reality underneath .
As he explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where is the fire of the equations ? ''
From the <unk> vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that you put fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is n't found outside of the physical world as a kind of inventory .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , the <unk> vision , has the potential to <unk> our relationship with nature , and it can have social consequences and ethical ethical .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think I think it 's going to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral terms , is not both the fact of consciousness , but their importance and complexity .
It 's also natural asking for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the view of the <unk> information , she has a processing processing processing , integrated , so that the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , it 's very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of the collective collective awareness , the planet .
Canada has your own consciousness ?
Or to a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk , and now we have a collective awareness of TED , a internal film for this complete TED group , different from the internal movies in each of one of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least is a question that needs to be serious .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more secure from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental , than the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right path to a theory of consciousness .
If not , well , it 's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to fix it overnight .
But I think we 're going to end up to discover .
To understand consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a under a very normal profile of education .
I went to school , I was <unk> with my friends , I was <unk> with my sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to go to a prize of the community .
And my parents said , `` Okay , that 's very nice , but there 's a clear problem .
She actually has n't achieved anything . ''
I went to school , I had good notes . After school , I had a low profile in the <unk> of my mother , and I spent a long time looking at the series of `` <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's <unk> . ''
Yeah , I know .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation .
Several years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a high school school in Melbourne , so just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes , a guy stood up the hand and said , `` Hey , when your discourse is ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people in the wheels , they speak about things in school ? ''
`` generally , in the acts of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized : This child had had experiences with people in disability as objects of inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not . It 's not because of the boy , it 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We are there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this scenario , I 'm going to be able to be able to what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them . Right ? Yes . Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to be solved .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've lied in relationship to disability .
Yes , you have sold the lie that disability is a nice thing , the capital of the capital .
It 's a bad thing to live with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make a great choice .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You can have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a great amount of them .
It can be that you 've seen one , from the girl without my hands with a pencil for the mouth .
You can have seen a child running with nuclear legs .
And there 's a bunch of these images , which are what we call inspiration inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because we 'll give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So , in this case , we will <unk> the disabled disabled people .
The purpose of these images is inspire , to be able to be able to see them and think , `` Well , for very bad than my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the view of the number of times that I 've been making strangers to express that they think I am courageous or a source of inspiration , and this was going to happen to before my work had a public profile .
It was like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images would be able to make people with disability in the benefit of people without disability .
They 're there for you and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a hard thing .
<unk> some things .
But the things that we 're doing are not the things that you can think .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` <unk> , '' deliberately because I 'm going to tell me the so-called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnosis .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
The things I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of their capacity , like you , and that 's what 's going on with the kids of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies taking the best of their capacity .
So , it 's really just just going to be <unk> in the way we do , to share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're a source of inspiration , '' he says as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , I do n't .
And I know what you 're thinking about .
I 'm here <unk> inspiration , and you think , `` For God , <unk> , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Now , I mean , I mean , I mean , I mean , I mean , some of other people with disability .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I think it 's a great idea to use a little bit of evidence to pick up the things that you fall , and I have the clever trick of how to charge the battery on the phone phone .
Great .
They learn from the strength and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnosis , but against a world that we 're going to be able to be able to be able to get it up .
I actually think that lie that you have sold about disability is the most injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is to be true , because of the social social model of disability .
A lot of smiles to a piece of stairs has n't made a ramp .
Never . Let 's go back to a television screen does n't make the subtitles for the deaf people .
It 's not a bunch of people in a middle of a bookstore , and I 've got a positive attitude to convert all those books to the roughness .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15 girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching the <unk> <unk> , '' you do n't think of nothing to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we 're <unk> by the bed of the bed and remember our names for the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of the people with disability , and I want to live in a world where a child from 11 grade at a high school school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Language does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think about to know about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see reality augmented and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without charge ?
Unfortunately , I 'll just respond to one of those questions , so , please do n't get rid of them .
When people think of an augmented reality , you think about `` Report Report '' and in Tom <unk> , the hands in the air , but reality is not science fiction .
Loneliness reality is something that 's going to happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because reality is changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to reality reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : the Google Glass .
I 'm sure many are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
They will allow you to experience what it is going to be a professional product in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I 'm trying to do <unk> .
I have to use words .
I 've got to create a framework that you 're going to take up with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what it is running for the game of play to 160 miles , the blood beat your ears .
We can know that you feel that a man of 110 pounds , we 're going to be <unk> , trying to get it out with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's nothing nice .
So let 's take a few videos to show you what 's using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of the <unk> practices , because the idea of the emerging technology is a submarine coming to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's awful to be <unk> .
A moment . It 's a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You 've got to realize that lack people , the rest of the team .
We 've got a video of them , from the University of Washington .
<unk> , <unk> <unk> , 54 <unk> .
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more to the feeling of being in the field , but it does n't have nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be his favorite players , and I 've asked me to YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
Or a car ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go from full of ? How do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called <unk> Rift , which surely many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Oh !
DU : That 's the experience of a man on a man in a row of his life .
What would be the experience of a fan when we signed up a video of <unk> <unk> crossing the line , you 're looking through a <unk> with the arm before running and do a <unk> ? What will be the experience of a fan fan .
When could I be <unk> running by the court , launching the ball to the bottom of the web ? Or do you have to make a blow up in the sidewalk ?
What would be their experience when it comes out of a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic <unk> ?
Maybe you 're going to be <unk> sales for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get the augmented reality , <unk> ?
It makes the augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners would see the information of what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So I 've got a little bit about the technology in the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> had a <unk> to his field of the field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , he would put in the <unk> in the middle of the field of the field , and then in the of the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player coming back to his group and you see her next hand in front in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that lead . You do n't have to worry to forget a step .
or by memorize the strategy .
They just go out the field and react .
And the coaches you want , because if you do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose parties .
If you lose parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But reality reality is not just a manual of strategies .
Loneliness reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How do you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the sensors of the spears and the destruction , something that 's already working .
And all that information is going to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad ones will have information information .
This is <unk> to the good stuff of the bad guys .
So , you 're so important to be as important as your armpits , and the data analysis will stop being alone .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
So imagine that they 're the field of the field .
It 's <unk> the ball and <unk> .
They put it into a open receiver , and suddenly , a shot on the left side of your bombsight , you would tell you that a defense behind you are going to be <unk> . I do n't really see it , but the <unk> system will <unk> you .
<unk> the protection area .
Now , another one shows you that there 's a open receiver .
It 's <unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land . However , the receptor sees in his bombsight , an area of grass , and it can modify the race .
It 's coming up , it drives the ball , it 's going to go .
The audience goes down and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something to create a massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Loneliness reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to do n't be .
But what I wonder is : we want this to be the only use of reality reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use reality reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally to be in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It takes billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> , what are their actions from the point of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay basis in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you 're suffering out ?
How much is it worth for a <unk> <unk> or a Neil <unk> <unk> trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality is about .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges we face , rely on , like always , of us .
Thank you .
Recently me to retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years ago , I went to the southern end of the <unk> of the <unk> County , which includes the Great <unk> bridge .
The bridge is a perfect structure , we 've known a lot of the future of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural comfort .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Great Park bridge was opened in 1960 .
Joseph kitten , a head of the head of building the bridge , he said , `` The bridge is almost to test .
The suicide of the bridge is not practical practical .
But from his opening , more than many people have jumped to their death from the bridge .
Some people think to travel between the two towers , this bridge has been active as such as such , so that each of he releases all of your concerns and pain , and the waters they go beneath the soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body against the water roughly about 120 miles per hour .
The impact break the bones , some of the other vital organs .
Most people die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , normally you 're going to be <unk> in the <unk> water , and then they 're executed .
I do n't think that you 're going to take this of the suicide method , you can realize the <unk> of the <unk> to the people .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
Here 's where most people are in order to make life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in the dark time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman was talking about a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you that we had successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who are <unk> , but the officers too .
We 've got a long way from then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him July 22 of the last year when you get a call of a <unk> subject sitting in the middle of the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking about a officer of the Great Iranian bridge .
Jason had only 32 years , and I had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up until two times before the New Jersey , to try to kill me from this bridge .
After close to an hour talking to Jason , we asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> , and he sent the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
It 's about it , in fact , and all kinds of evil against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What happens if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
She stopped a little bit , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of nice and smart guy in New Jersey had had just take life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking about them , it was n't going to be going very well , because the next day , the sign of the family was called me to see how it was .
The parents of Jason were asked .
<unk> damage of suicide affect a lot of people .
Let me give you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved outside ?
What would you say ?
<unk> what ?
In my experience , I 'm not just to speak , but you need to listen .
Listening to understand .
<unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how you feel , because you probably do n't know it .
It 's just sitting there , you can be the inflection point they need .
If you think someone 's suicide , you have no fear of <unk> and do the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other people have thought about the world 's life , you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of life can save life and be the inflection point for them .
Other signs to seek : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they never will improve , <unk> , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , recent social isolation , and a lost of the interest in life .
I got this talk about a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I would like to read her card .
She lost her son June 19 of this year , and I wrote this email just just a couple of days , and it 's his permission and blessing I read .
`` Hi , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell her friends , etc .
I 'm still quite suspicious , but they look at more times to realize that Mike would n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the game of his father 's 19 .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> , and they 've been recorded as disappeared that night .
On the next morning , two officers came to my house , and I was reported that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness , I had seen it from the bridge to the <unk> of the afternoon before .
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be immensely weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My sentences are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Iranian <unk> Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful Bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the way that his son took that day , and also the value to go forward .
I would like to introduce you to a man that I 'm talking to hope and value .
On September 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a radio subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
I pulled my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , they cross the railing , and she stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided to go back on that lane , and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came , it 's <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked her , `` What was what did you go back and gave the hope and life . ''
And you know what he said ?
He said , `` I 've heard it .
I told me to speak and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have this letter with me , and I would like to <unk> .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , I do n't erase the events of the 11 , March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us .
I think Kevin was going for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly .
I brought Kevin when I was just six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , but , thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order like the says .
We give you thank God for you .
You know in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of her write , `` <unk> . '' When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night , you were <unk> as the patient .
`` Hey , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a member of society active .
They talk about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspire others .
He 's not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather was killed by poison .
That act , despite the end of their own pain , the opportunity to know it .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who consider suicide , or those who consider suicide , you would n't think of you to another person .
They just want their own pain .
Typically , this is actually done just three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide .
From those incidents I 've been directly directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about an hour .
And during that time , I got the hand in three times .
In the end , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , yet , that the great majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge is not .
In addition , those few people who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they had made a mistake and wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge we do , is something that everybody and each of us should be used to do .
He can prevent it .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but you know what you 're , and you know what you 're , and a question you do .
I have to be something only in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I am alone .
When I became a model , I felt that eventually I had achieved the dream that had been from a child .
My outside finally <unk> with my truth inside , with my self .
So by making the other reasons , I 'm going to go back to the afternoon , when I look at this picture , I 'm going to do it <unk> , you got .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We all moved our families , our religion , our society , our society , our time in history , even our bodies .
Some of you have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the color of the skin or the beliefs of the people around us .
They are people who always defy the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine , many of my neighbors , a lot of my friends , a lot of my friends , my agent , even my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was used as a `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always had this t-shirt on the head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to <unk> .
The gender has always been considered a <unk> fact , but we now know that , actually , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because my success , I never got my story to share my story , not because I would think that I 'm bad , but how the world tries to those of us who want to do .
Every day I hope to be a woman .
I 've got a mom , Dad and a family who will take me like I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Indian goddess , the goddess of the <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was in a party in the Philippines that I celebrated these puzzles .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me , and I remember that time as if something like me -- this is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a decent beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why do n't you have ever been on the beauty contest ? ''
He told me that if you were going to take it out of the expense 's overhead , and that night , and that night , I won in a bathroom suit , I won a <unk> , and he was a third finalist between over 40 .
That time changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that his first work was from the beauty of life 's beauty , but I can .
I also met the goddess of the elderly , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But most importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , he had moved to San Francisco , I called me and told me that he passed my name of the green card I could go to live in the U.S .
I grew up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be an queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me , and he said , `` You know , if you would read the United States , you can change the name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested me to put two , and my name .
She also looked at me when I was in Thailand to 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand to perform the most <unk> surgeries , sophisticated and safe surgeries .
In the U.S. , it was necessary to do the surgery before we changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of the name , and the `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For a few people , your identity document means to be able to drive or power to get a drink , but for me , it was the license to live , to feel satisfied .
All of course , my fears looked like .
I felt I could take my dream and move to New York , and it will be model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think in this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City , I spent a real thing , but that , <unk> , he put her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality we live .
Our rates of suicide are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All the 20 of November we make a global president by the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage , thank you a long story of people who were <unk> and stood up with injustice .
So these are Marilyn Margaret Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , at this same time , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone , and just for me .
I want to do the best thing to help the others to live their truth without shame .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day there is no more <unk> than a day .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . KT : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Of course . You see , first , thank you all my blessings .
To my parents , my parents especially , my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to women who I 've been to women , you know , I 've begun , and sometimes , when they were called , and I told me that his parents could n't take it . I took the phone , he would take my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Some times worked , others do n't . It 's just a gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all given a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that state is not block , and there should be a space that would allow people to do , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
<unk> movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work for doing .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to do questions , and I hope you all have my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many and tribal societies , the parents are generally told by their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who was known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education in the 2007 , and when you 're going to get their efforts in 2011 , and when you were going to get her efforts in 2011 , to give him the Afghan National Wars of peace , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You 'll see , in the developing societies , just from the beginning , when I was born a child , her birth does n't celebrates .
It 's not welcome , not for her father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , day her <unk> to the mother , and nobody 's <unk> .
And a mother is a lot of a lot for having a child .
When the first child , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When you come to light to the second daughter , it 's <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when I had his third daughter , it feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother is , but the daughter . The daughter was just born , when it grows , it 's also .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's left in home and school school to their brothers .
Until the age of 12 , somehow , has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when you go into the adolescence , when it was 13 , it 's been tempted to go out of his house without a male voice .
It 's confined to four walls from his house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father , and her brothers and his family and her family , and if you were going to give you the code of that honor of course , could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this honor code , not only the life of a girl , it also affects the life of the elderly members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joy of his life and happiness 's happiness in the name of the honor of course .
And there 's a more a more more more than the world 's societies .
It 's supposed to be very quiet , very humble , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet , and they get the decisions of his father and her mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you get a man with a man who does n't like , or if you get a little old man , you have to take it , because it does n't want to be <unk> .
If you were very young , you have to take it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens to the end ?
In words of a poet , `` <unk> , <unk> , '' and then the more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born , and for the first time , trust me , I do n't like the kids , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought in his name , and I was fascinated with a <unk> <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked up , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I got a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half , the <unk> in my school .
Do you wonder , why do I want to mention the ones of a child in a school ?
Yeah , I 've got them .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the poor countries , in the poor societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
You 've got to school means that has entered the world of the dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you would be surprised , two weeks before , when you were going to go to the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative to the family , I could n't remember the members of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason that value my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters and their daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
<unk> to sit with me when my friends came to me .
The encouraged to go with me at different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to be <unk> in his personality .
And this was n't just for it , just for <unk> .
I 've got all these good values in my school to girls and boys .
I used education to get around .
I went to my daughters , taught the students , to forget the lesson of the interrogation .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we find ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a whole denial of denial of participation in all the political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools are lost .
The girls are allowed to go to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to the markets .
The musicians were silent , the <unk> girls and singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few talking , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you 're talking about their rights .
It 's really terrifying .
At the 10 years , <unk> stood up and stood up by the right to education .
He wrote a day for the BBC blog , he was offered her in the New York Times , and I talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
<unk> as a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign , and the Mark October of 2012 , he was shot in the head .
It was a <unk> day for my family and to me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , he 's going to stop the ear to my wife , `` I should blame my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please do n't give you .
<unk> the fair cause .
<unk> your life in play for the truth of the truth , by the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined them .
Both of them were on the right path and God protect them . ''
These few words are going to be a lot for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was <unk> in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches of head , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was <unk> by the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile , I 'm going to take the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to be good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we were <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned about her how to resist in the most difficult times , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being a icon for women 's rights and women , is like any 16 girl .
He would tell you when he did n't just work .
They were fighting their siblings , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special in my hopes that has done so audacious to <unk> as courageous , loving and <unk> ? ''
I say , I do n't ask me what I did .
<unk> what I did n't .
I did n't cut their wings and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> the brain 18 , 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> to my charge , the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the job I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I made it before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma , there 's a stigma when you give you into a brain operation .
Are you still like smart or not ?
Is n't you going to go back to be smart ?
And then the yoga , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen different chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything .
Every day , during the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations of chemicals , and try to get it , to keep living .
More than once I 've saved me .
But fortunately , I 've got a soul soul , so I decided that I would experience to try to get the <unk> dose , because it really does n't exist a map that I say in <unk> .
I started to test with a different banana , and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think , my behavior with each other .
A particularly amazing case : For a few months , I tried a dose and chemical and chemical chemicals for a man of 20 , and I was surprised by watching my thoughts .
I was always excited , I thought all the time in sex , and I believed that it was the most intelligent person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several guys like this , or maybe some of the <unk> versions .
It turned out as a end .
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to be trying , a very insecure thing , to fix a problem that was in front , and just not happen like this .
So I could n't drive it .
It changed my dose .
But I think that experience , I gave a new appreciation about men and what they 've got to go through , so I 'm going to take it better with men .
What I was trying to achieve , when those hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth , was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I 'm going to think about almost always in images , and that became my point of key reference : how do you take these mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to do it ?
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> as ours , Descartes and Tanzania see things in a similar way .
They thought that the images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , you have to show this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works , to me is simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental for thinking of <unk> thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental workload , really <unk> , so sophisticated and so long .
Now , I 'm working on how to take good these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a film director was able to use their imagination just to lead to the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There 's amazing possibilities with this , like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to accomplish this is simply to increase the resolution of our systems systems systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to reach this with two recent experiments that made for two groups of neuroscience in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI technology , image of functional MRI MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain analysis made by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image .
The middle in the middle of the brain shows the brain of the brain of the same individual as I imagined , looking at that same picture .
The column on the right was created the contents of the central column on the left . You see the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost .
Now let me tell you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to convert the brain waves into visual visual fields .
Here 's this way .
In this experiment , I showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while the brains were going to make a great set of reactions of the brain to the video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , new animals , and while you get a new scan .
The computer , using only the brain information of the <unk> to show what the person was looking at .
On the right you can see the signal of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're well close to this .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember that when you see a picture , and when you can imagine that same picture , it 's created in the brain the same map .
This was taken out of the systems of the world 's systems of largest resolution systems today , and their resolution became a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do ?
There are many techniques to do it .
One is opening the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't give me for that .
A lot of people are making new techniques of projection by images , even me , with the recent result of MRI , first we have to ask ourselves , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets , but to this point , magnets else is only making small improvements in the resolution , it does n't pay for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like doing a <unk> .
And why do this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make real magnets really big , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the coaches and radio radio recipients in MRI systems .
And again , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use magnetic patterns , we would have to put the parallel radio frequencies .
So , when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of parallel radio frequencies , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in one one .
In addition , we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
When we use the <unk> , we should be able to measure not just the blood blood fluid , but the of the hormones and <unk> I mentioned , and maybe even activity of direct neural activity . This is the dream .
We 're going to be able to break our ideas in direct ways to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could spend over the language and communicate directly by thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are great questions .
It would be <unk> as a tool for shape our skills and communication skills .
It certainly could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and diseases .
We have a few choices to open this door .
In all ways , you take a year , going to happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's much more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not just in a traditional sense , not just the gay lifestyle .
I think we all have a lot .
Your closet may be telling you to some person for the first time I love it or tell someone who 's pregnant , or to tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you 've got to get in life .
All closet is a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of I lived , and I 've got out of that closet .
He 's afraid , and we do n't like , and it should happen .
A lot of years ago , I worked in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I had to go through various phases of the intensity of the <unk> <unk> : I did n't get my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> <unk> as a litany .
And I 'll be able to be out of the <unk> of my short pants , and I had a <unk> , I would ask me a little boy : `` Hey , you 're a kid or girl ? ''
And there was a uncomfortable silence on the table .
<unk> my jaw a little bit more , I took my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father was <unk> the newspaper , and the mother took a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say nothing , and I 'll get it through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised me that next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready and I was about to come up with the women ' issues on the table . I had quotes from Betty <unk> .
Time 's quotes .
Even a bit of the `` Vagina Monologues '' I would show .
So I got a deep breath , and I fell down and my backs , and my backs a little girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist pulse , just a girl with a question : `` Are you a child or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , I got a little bit about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I 've got the short hair like the one of a boy , and I 'm seen a girl , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
I 'm a little bit more of the girl 's kind . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give you a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the hard conversation that ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , we went through the one with the other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in a few people in my life , and I know , often my walls used to be a flap .
But inside , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
It 's like my closet , it 's not different about you or yours or yours .
You know , I 'll give you a hundred reasons of why we go out of my closet was harder to go out of your , but this is the matter : it 's hard .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone you 've been on in broken banking is harder to tell you that it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more hard to tell your son of five , you 're going to go to whatever you ?
There 's nothing harder , it 's only the hard thing .
We 've got to let 's try to create what we 're hard to be hard about what it 's hard to make us feel better or worse in relation to our twin and we should only feel empathy because we all live a hard thing .
In some point in our lives , we all live in deaf , and they can make you feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you . It does n't matter what they 're made of your walls , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine itself 20 years ago .
I , I had a tail tail , a dress , <unk> shoes .
It was n't the Norwegian lesbian ready to fight against any four years to go to the coffee .
I was frozen for fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay collar , and the move just a muscle is the most scary you ever ever did .
My family , my friends , full of strangers that I 've spent my entire life , trying to do n't tell you , and now the world went back to purpose .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't smoke that stop , they will kill you .
One of my most memorable score was on my sister of my sister .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew it was gay , and when I do my friend 's lady , in my black dress , in my black dress and Walmart . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who knew I did .
And after I talk about a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan <unk> ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` <unk> , you 've ever got in the gorillas ? ''
`` Well , I know , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've never heard it 's great . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> ?
It 's very good , and you 've never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV program ?
Our favorite program ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , I mean , but I was waiting for the waiting to show her support , to get me to know that I was from my side , he finally said , `` Well , my husband 's using pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as you 've got all the launchers .
You know , you could have been easy to say where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realizing the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else is you going to ask someone , but do it work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be ready for the authentic you .
It 's like the hard conversations still have to be my strong point .
Tell anybody that I was left .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what it involves out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> the armor . Be you .
So that girl in the coffee did n't have to play it , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be true , the others have to know we also suffer .
Number two : Be straightforward . Just <unk> .
If you know they 're gay , <unk> .
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay , they will keep the hope that that could change .
Do n't give you a false sense of hope .
And number three , and most importantly , the complex thing .
You communicate their truth .
It 's never going to be <unk> for that .
And some of you can go out , you know , <unk> , so you 've never been sorry for what they are .
And I know , maybe some feel disappointed , but that something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but they do n't own their own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And it can be very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy it .
<unk> , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how you 've seen the intelligence , an example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of the question of a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physicists underlying intelligence .
Let 's take a step .
We first start with an mental experiment .
So imagine that they 're from an alien race , which you do n't know nothing about the biology of the Earth or any of the Earth 's Earth or the intelligence of the Earth , but they have amazing telescopes and you can see the Earth for millions , even billions , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very odd effect .
Of course , we know the reason we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know nothing about this , which does n't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth , it would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that we get on the surface of a planet .
And so I think this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I took a few years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , and I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be located in the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we would reduce the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues and put them together , I asked , from a few years ago : Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . And what you 're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one E : <unk> for the intelligence that I saw .
So what you 're looking at here is a statement that intelligence is a force , F , which acts with the end of maximize the future freedom .
It takes to maximize the future freedom of action , or to keep the choices open , with a T force , with the diversity of possible future future , yeah , until an impending time .
In a few words , the intelligence does n't like to stay stuck .
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : what can you do with this ?
How is we ?
Would you get the human intelligence level ?
<unk> artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more mess , or `` entropy , '' during their life should have to have the most favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us .
But what happens if that cosmological connection between entropy and the intelligence would have a deeper relationship ?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only transmitted with the production of entropy entropy , but actually it comes directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy entropy in any way you can find inside .
Well , thank you , <unk> could spend multiple animal evidence of animal intelligence , play games , and they even make money to make actions , everything without you would have to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human foot without fall up , here 's going to be able to be able to be able to put it into a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal .
He just decided for his account to balance the door .
This ability for balance is going to have applications for robotics robotics and technology technology .
This ability to use tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , just like some other animals can cooperate by getting rid of the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food , here we see that you can do a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable to a variety of domains .
So for example , we see it successfully playing a game of a <unk> game , and I would have their potential for play .
Here 's what we 're looking at <unk> new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly constantly , and it keeps successful the grid .
This same capacity to meet the network also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here 's what we see in <unk> to organize the routes of the ships , discovering with success , and using the Panama Panama to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable to problems in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we 're looking at spontaneously spontaneously discover and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a series of stock negotiation , planning to trade assets under its exponentially .
This risk of risk management will have massive applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as the tools of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom freedom .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back at the beginning of the term 's term , the work `` <unk> , '' there was always the concept that if we make smart machines , there would be a clear rebellion .
The machines are against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of the orange rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first get smart , and then we try to try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all the future future is a more fundamental principle that the intelligence of intelligence , that the general intelligence can actually come directly from taking control , instead of being backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
And I often ask me : How do you find targets 's a kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to pass to the offspring to help you build artificial concert or to help you to understand human intelligence , is the next thing : intelligence must be view as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future freedom .
Thank you very much .
We 're in a inflection point in human history , something between the closest of stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've made a lot of our knowledge of how it fits on the context of the universe .
The NASA Kepler 's Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars , which is the one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the outer intensity of the stars out of the stars , when the planets go in front of them , and they put a little bit of that light that comes up .
The data set up by Kepler show the sizes of the planets in addition to the way there is between them and his mother star .
We 're going to help us understand whether these planets are small and loving as the planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their differences .
Again , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the warmer record .
<unk> and ice ice that have been with us from a few millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused in the global scale , they have moved rapidly our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a scientific scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the Maldives of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I look for aliens in the housing sector .
Now , as a very interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets similar to the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites an comparison between the planet just discovered and the planets we know better : the one of our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the Sun , it can be considered a rich world , this by a mission like the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible to Mars has been habitable in the past and , in part , is why we studied so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Batman , '' and the surface of your surface is looking for clues about the origins of life as well as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , you take samples from the Mars atmosphere , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose her .
The private companies now offer not just a short time flights , but also the ability to live on Mars .
But despite that all of these <unk> images , they remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> ideas and <unk> , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty awful place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places in comparison to Mars .
Even in the most dry places , the air of the Earth is cool and full of oxygen to be able to go through our tropical forests to billions of miles away .
I 'm worried that this enthusiasm for the colonization of Mars and other planets will be able to take a big and sad shadow : the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to go out there to save us from this <unk> <unk> of the only planet that we know that it 's really habitable , the Earth .
So I 'm so much like this <unk> exploration , I 'm deep to disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to make humanity is like to imagine that the captain of the Titanic was to say that the truth of truth is going to have a place later in the boats . Thank you .
But the goals for advanced exploration and conservation is not going on .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like aliens .
You just get up close to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep the habitable spaces , in the hostile areas of the Earth , maybe we could meet the need to preserve our power , and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with an mental experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , the visionary Fermi , I said , having to realize that our universe has been around a long time ago , and we hope there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of existence of life .
Okay , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when the civilizations become advanced enough to consider living between the stars , lose the notion of what 's important is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're going to have this development .
It 's arrogant to think that just the colonization of colonization will save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we actually believe in our ability to put to the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the Maldives .
Thank you .
A few years ago , <unk> my own house .
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window they were on the dining table , where I had left it .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I call a <unk> , at least I had my cellphone , but to midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night , because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning , and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but sure that it 's not more expensive than a half to a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I go right .
I 'm a lot of career , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It smells like cortisol , the heart rate , <unk> the adrenaline of adrenaline and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the computer counter at the airport , I realized that I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that could do , systems that could put in their place , which will be able to make bad things .
Or at least , if you 're going to be bad things , that you would take the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later my thoughts is not <unk> .
I was college with my colleague Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I talked about he broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called retrospect .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Isaac Klein , who had written about this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what was going wrong , yes ?
In the <unk> , like Danny , you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then you try to figure out what you can do to stop that things happen or to minimize damage .
So what I want to talk to you is about some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are obvious , others are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , we 'll get a place for the things you lose easily .
This sounds of common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our memory memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make a track of the location of the important things , where it 's the good thing , where the fish are , and they 're living in the friends , where they live in the family , where you live .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was going on in the fall of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the funders to find their nuts .
And if you 're asked if someone really did the experiment , they cut the sense of <unk> , and they still could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that they 're not moving a lot , not so good for things they 're moving a lot .
This is the reason to lose keys from the car , goggles .
So in the house , I put a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a regional plate .
For his passport , a particular taste .
For your reading goggles , a particular learner .
If you put a place and they 're <unk> with it , their things always will be there when you take them .
What about the journeys ?
Take the cellphone , a picture of his credit card , driving <unk> , passport , <unk> in the cloud and they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost , or your hands , this can make bone .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're low stress , the brain releases cortisol .
Your cortisol is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that low stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful situation that when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some time , we 're all going to be in that situation , to have to take a very important decision about the future of our healthcare attention or the one to be wanted to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talking about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact to make the financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we need to take that you can take a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and cholesterol is a little tall . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , brain .
So you 're thinking about having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about the Matrix , and you know that it 's one of the most familiar drugs in the world today . It 's even likely to tell people you take them .
So you think , `` Yes , <unk> <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should ask that most doctors do n't want to speak , and companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number needs to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or code to a surgery in any medical procedure before you will help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor does n't give me something if not to help me .
But actually , the healthcare practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not because of the doctor , and if it 's your fault , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needs to treat the most widely <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before to help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of the researchers to be able to <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I do n't explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the medicine for a year before to avoid a single heart attack , the brain , or another active event .
Now , maybe you think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why do n't , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistical statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible , muscle pain , muscle pain , <unk> pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to get me to me , we still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember that low stress do n't think of clarity .
So , you think about how to do this with the time , so you do n't have to make the design chain in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has been helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to come out to the drug of the drug that will help you medicine .
I do n't say they had or not to take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with his doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , is part of the principle of informed consent .
We have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've released this number in the air by the value of the clash , but actually this number needs to treat it is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more doing in the older men of 50 , <unk> of prostate prostate cancer , the number needs to try is about 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce 50 percent of the patients .
Those include Buddhism or dysfunction , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of that 50 percent the effects of the effects of just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act of the act .
And you also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you 've got a choice many times , you want a more short life of pain , or a long life that could have a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things that speak and think about now , with her family and loved ones .
You can change opinion in the heat of the time , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that time is that you turn a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the physical system , or the <unk> or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism in those things , it would n't be fast . You could get the lunch of the lions , so nothing about that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those times of stress is the rational insight , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we have to be able to think about the future to this kind of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we all are .
We 're all going to fail in the time .
The idea is to think about the future , how they could be those , to put systems in the place that will help to minimize the damage , or to stop that the bad things happen in the first place .
<unk> at the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor , my contractor I had a combination of combination next to the door , with a key to the door in the same .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite voice .
It means to play gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play harder .
Two .
Four .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of 10 , and you can have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little of my own story .
The French signs came in during the 1800s , and over the time of the time , they mixed with local signs , and we developed the language that we know as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born , I was taught to believe that the sound was not a part of my life .
And I believed it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're actually in my mind every day .
Now , as a person , you 're living in a kind of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and <unk> rules .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers , and they will sound sound .
Now , I 'm going to get that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't let the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise to eat the bag of chips . ''
It 's `` <unk> , '' and when you 're eating , make sure not <unk> in the plate . ''
It 's all I call it `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound of the sound , which is about coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , by deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see it does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> , and they came up .
In culture 's culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> . ''
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , to make it with my thumb , this is not natural .
It 's why I have four lines in the paper .
In the year 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for a artistic age there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from a place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At the time , the sound was the trend , and that 's my attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to be more of the art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well it 's not only experienced through your ears .
I can feel it in a touch way , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to write the sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all they had taught me to sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention to me .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener person .
And the sound is so powerful that I could give up to me and my artistic work , or I could empower it .
I chose it to me .
There 's a massive culture around the language language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I 've got to work with people who can support me like the same and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be able to be important in society today .
So in school , in the work and institutions , work with many different types of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when you 're going to ask her their voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary way of value something like to take a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you do n't continue to this practice , I feel that it could be <unk> at oblivion , and I do n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express the paper .
And the same thing can tell you from a concept in <unk> .
The two are very deep space and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect everything as much of the signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to tell you a metaphor of the piano , so you 'll understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided in many different parameters .
If it 's a different parameter for every finger as you play the piano , like the facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed , the form of your hand and so , while you play the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to be just a key to the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers in the way to express a concept of course , or the idea of <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with the music in the way to pitch , humiliated and volume .
In <unk> , we use these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> . ''
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> .
Oh , I 'm <unk> .
Okay .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , !
So I started thinking , and if I look at the <unk> of the music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign and it 's going to take it up and again , it could get to be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and you put it .
This is all the day .
If you 're going to be <unk> , you know the speed , you see it as a musical piece .
All the day .
I feel that the same thing can be saying .
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights , `` Next , '' `` late night . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time does in <unk> and how far the body can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes close and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
And then , `` Come on , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea and dramatic at the time , `` There was once . ''
`` Time , '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time , '' I think automatically in the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : hand hand , E : your left hand .
We have <unk> through your head and chest .
[ 2 2 : <unk> , <unk> ] [ unclear ] ] [ unclear ] , E , <unk> ] I 'm going to teach you a way of your hand called `` <unk> . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All in high hands .
Now we 're going to do it so much in your head like the chest , something like the common time .
Yes , very good .
That means <unk> in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world .
The second thing I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it .
And now this .
It means `` colonization . ''
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` lighting . ''
Nice job .
Look at how three signs are very similar . All in the head of the head and the chest , but they have very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We 've got to start to question what the social value is going to allow you to develop their own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make an inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , so you have to hear it to learn music .
<unk> is a rich treasure , and I would like to have the same experience .
I would like to be able to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall into the fall of us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents said , `` You can <unk> everything , but then you have to go down . ''
The freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination took all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a innocence of innocence , or a degree of ignorance , I have to say , because the adults will lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I learned that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good to clean each other .
The time happened , now I 'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention in the <unk> school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach .
So as good citizens , the beaches , and it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't .
It 's sad to say , but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these great boats and networks , to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope , and we 've got them together and get this information on a map .
But it lasts an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those enormous boats .
So next to my students , six to 15 , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our small classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
So we started building this <unk> <unk> , so that the children very <unk> can be able to participate .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who make electrical tools feel great and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to the plastic .
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of his fragmentation .
We do .
I leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child , and try to <unk> in something that we expect to work .
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits , just <unk> information .
By the use of a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids were excited about the robots .
And then we created quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in the creation of prototypes we ended up before lunch .
And we transformed light bulbs , and we put it into a floating robot that moves slowly by the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this picture and measure the size of each particle , to get a sort of sort of sort of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I 'm going to take up this invention to step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with hope that someone else is even more .
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to figure out immediately .
I can research my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you get the Internet , and you 're <unk> with this picture .
One child , maybe less than 10 years , washing a oil oil , just using your hands , in <unk> , the largest public forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink , is the water in the water , the water where the fish live .
You can see the water 's brown , mud , mud and oil also are brown , and when you all mix it , it 's very hard to see what there is in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of a <unk> that can spread through all kinds of substances that produce different sections , what can help identify what you have in the water .
And I got this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
[ I can research a problem at a distance . I saw forced to make a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also close to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that I did a number of giant waves , called the road , and those landscapes were destroyed in the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear energy plant , a nuclear core of the water .
And today , according to the average of 300 tons , are still enjoying the nuclear plant in the Pacific ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution for <unk> .
If we go to the West coast , we can measure the radiation radiation everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , you 've got safe .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
And I 've come back to BERT every year from the accident , and investigating in a independent way with other scientists , the land , the river , and we wanted to take the kids .
Of course , we did n't afford them .
But every night we come to the center of control -- here 's the use of dramatic masks .
It could seem that they did n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the entire life .
Together with them to discuss the data and we talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear energy plant .
We created the elevation map , we 've been able to be able to make data in real time from the rear-view , and the water bottles to simulate rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was taken from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system to the <unk> system .
It was a real estimate .
But based on this we have a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear core to the date .
We 're approaching up to 1.5 miles from the nuclear central , and with the fishermen of fishermen in the world , we went to collect sediments from the marine bed with a <unk> <unk> .
Here 's an progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We 've never begun to try to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became a little bit , so we find an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we become the largest space dedicated to the social impact and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of kids can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , we can invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the population of advanced age transforming their standard wheels , in new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we should make the next generation for you to worry about the environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite cultures .
One is made of billions of steel , the other of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
You know , one of the way it goes on the environment , the other one believed .
One is designed by nature , the other one for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross <unk> , he saw a figure that struggle to be free .
The <unk> was just the only tool of Michelangelo .
But the living ones are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we have all the information made it for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by manufacturing by manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have gotten up a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as <unk> parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial power are thin with <unk> pores .
The back of the back of the back of the back are smaller with small pores .
You 're acting mainly as filter , the other primarily as barrier , and yet , it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that turns out their functionality through the variation of aviation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect to work right now between the <unk> and the gene , between the assembly and the growth , between the Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , it 's shown in the two screens after me .
My job , in your simplest level , it tries to bring these two visions of the world , getting rid of the assembly and close to growth .
Probably you 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why did n't it be possible for 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special time in history , a rare moment , where we have four disciplines that offer designers to the tools that we never had access to before .
And in the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scales , big scale , like this robotic arm with a level of 24 meters in diameter with a bit not very far distant buildings to print entire buildings , and graphics in the nanoscale , made out of genetically <unk> buildings .
So here we 've been <unk> , a archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each of us is about size size to shape the way of light and heat through him .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , this was for a fashion fashion of Paris with <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> around the waist , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D 3D printing , we print this layer and third 3D ecologist without the cells between cells , I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet with a helmet with rigid materials and soft in the resolution of 20 .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
What designers have access to this analytical high resolution , and the synthetic instruments , enables to design products that we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make our body out of our bodies .
We 've also designed a acoustic chair , a chair to the structural , comfortable .
The teacher Carter , my collaborator , we went back to the nature to inspire us , and when you design this surface surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 're going to take up this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in solving , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure of pressure in the human body .
Your surface , as in nature , its functionality is not by addition to the addition of another material or another assembly , but they 're going to be continually continuously .
But it 's the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother was telling me stories from the Hebrew Bible , and one of them stood up and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the psychiatrist , God 's going to get the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between the trunk , branches , leaves and sound .
All the tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , crust , <unk> and flowers .
The Earth created a whole world .
I often ask me , `` What would you be the design if the objects were doing a single piece ?
<unk> a better state of creation ?
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruits , and we find it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produce every year by organisms , like shrimp , bisexual and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune their properties , we could generate a number of structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it the legal <unk> . We asked a bunch of shrimp shrimp , the <unk> , and we made <unk> <unk> .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
And to print the big scale structures , it was built a system with a system with a system with a lot of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made out of a single material for a single material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are lists , it leaves them dry to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a glimpse of the printing process were used to contain the <unk> microorganisms that came for the first time on the planet has a billion years ago .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> bacteria designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it in sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a <unk> problems , and if you grow further , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with a ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit synthetic biology , we 've transformed a set of structure made of shrimp of shrimp in an architecture that makes it like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for <unk> objects , put in the ocean , the marine life , and put it on the floor , will help grow a tree .
The journey for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the <unk> journeys .
To do that , we should determine bacteria and control their flow .
So , as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , and we made it in a form of form of form and <unk> .
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid solids , just that instead of <unk> metals , it 's getting new biological freedoms inside very small channels .
This field is called <unk> .
<unk> our own 3D waterways to control the flow of these native plants .
In our first piece of clothing , it took two microorganisms .
The first one is <unk> .
She lives in our oceans and the water bottles .
And the second , E. Snowden , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
One becomes light in sugar , the other drops sugar and produces useful biofuels for the environment built .
But these two microorganisms are not interacting in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship on a piece of clothing .
Think about it as evolution , not for natural selection , but evolution for design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a only channel that looks like to the digestive tract tract , which will help you recognize these bacteria , and that we 're going to get it into their function .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we would have the properties of material in the material .
If we want more photosynthesis , we were more transparent channels .
This <unk> system , when you get rid of a end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as you go at TED , our first <unk> <unk> , brilliant liquids with life inside clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Jr. said , `` We are creatures in fashion , only half it is made . ''
What happens if design would provide the other half ?
And if we could create structures that are living ?
And if we could create a lot of personal <unk> that <unk> our skin , <unk> tissue broken tissue and make our body ?
Think about this as a form of edit biology .
I call this material ecology .
It 's always going to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer made material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This one of the worm , for example , creates an highly sophisticated architecture , a home inside of which you 're going on .
The fabrication is not about this level of sophistication .
It 's doing it by the combination of the combination , but of two different proteins in different concentrations .
One acts like structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , put those fibers between yes .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first becomes in the environment , it creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to take up a chunk of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , it 's written in a single material .
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works , we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm on a flat patch , not inside a box , we realized that I was going to be able to give you a little bit of flat and still <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that shape , the composition , the structure of the fence , it 's transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to death inside of their granddaughters , their silk gets rid of the textile industry .
We saw that we can designing these detection , we can give a way to the smooth silk , without showing it a single one .
It 's <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we put this process to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk , and we put ourselves in our site .
We knew that the silk worms will be able to more dark and dark spots , so we use a diagram of sunlight to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we 've created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , they will fit the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We would ask you to transcend silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after four weeks , they were prepared to go up with us .
We put them carefully on the lower edge of it , and while <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much more short .
Aristotle said that the tension is the great integrity , and I was right .
And when you 've got biological silk about silk 's silk , they give all this pavilion his integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , you would transcend silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now , it 's done , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 volts in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A little silk by a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the final frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings that surround us , to form a ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world .
What it takes us back , of course , at the beginning .
So here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an nature of nature , that demands of us , for the first time , we make care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be a lot of ? ''
If you had to remember what they were when they asked them for the first time this ?
They can <unk> the fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
They 've caused a kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who never could answer the question , `` What do you want to be a lot of ? ''
The problem was n't that I did n't have any interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art and the art , and I grew up the guitar in a Palestinian band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard of us .
And generally , I like to test it , and I still like to test in all ways , for having a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is not a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to give you through the other thing , something completely different , and I 'm going to be <unk> on it , and I 'm going to leave me to absorb and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found this point where I begin to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I would like to go into that .
This pattern was a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this in a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , deny all of my other passions , and we were <unk> .
Another reason why I was so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was a bad thing about this , and something bad in me for nothing .
I was trying to be afraid of commitment , or to be dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can link my story , and these feelings , I would like to ask you something that I would like to have asked me to have asked me .
Ask yourself , where did they learned the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'm going to tell you where they learned : what they learned about culture .
And we ask us first , `` What do you want to be a lot of ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody matters to that age .
It 's considered a naive question to create nice answers in the kids like , `` I 'll be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
And I 'm going to go up with the jar .
This question is going to give us over and again as we grow in various different ways , to go back to the school students , you 're going to pick up in college .
And at some time , `` What do you want to be a lot of ? ''
It 's going to be the nice kind of exercise before we take sleep .
Why ?
Now , if this is inspired to kids to dream with what they could be , it does n't inspire to dream with everything they could be .
In fact , just the opposite thing , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though adults are going to be wondering , and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a <unk> and a psychologist .
You 've got to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob , and he 's <unk> and <unk> .
And this Amy 's Amy <unk> , <unk> , a teacher and creative director .
But most of the kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 'll have to choose to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very efficient in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to be in during their time in this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote their life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected to this way ?
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that get your curiosity and many different things that want to do ?
There 's no place for someone as one in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And feel that there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing bad in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
I could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 've got the same idea , as a scholarship , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was that I was good at multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
It 's <unk> any term you like , or <unk> one .
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as limitation or whatever one must beat .
But what I 've learned talking about people and writing about these ideas in my website , is that there 's enormous strengths to be in this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> pointed out their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , journeys , mathematics and design .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewels jewels .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its <unk> and experience of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens in intersections .
That 's what new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , you can access to a great amount of these kinds of reasons .
The second superpower is learning learning .
When we 're going to go through it for something , we 're going to do it .
We looked at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be feasible , because I 've been many times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of testing new things and come out of our comfort spots .
A lot of skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new zone that we 've learned , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a very long time to be full of a full time .
As a child , a amazing capacity to develop the muscle memory .
Now , she 's the most fast <unk> .
Before to become a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the air mechanics , when they started their practices , and this ability to write a compelling penguin for the editors .
It 's not a loss of time to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it , even if at the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have to have anticipated .
The third superpower is the adaptability . It 's to say , the ability to transform in anything that you need in a given situation .
Kurt <unk> is sometimes the director of videos , other , designer designer , sometimes a teacher designer , sometimes a teacher , and , sometimes , like it .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The <unk> magazine Company , like the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , the ones that we actually grow .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if they 're running to reduce their goals .
As a society , we 've got a great interest to encourage the <unk> to be themselves .
We 've got complex problems , compare now right now , and we need creative creative thinkers to do front of them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly , knowing that they wanted to be a little bit a lot .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong in you . No .
In fact , some of the best teams get a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive in depth and put in practice ideas , and the <unk> provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're connected to how we are connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> in a great deal , they are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners .
And I once said this , if there 's one thing that you 're taking in this talk , I hope that it is : <unk> with the inner arms , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , <unk> all the media .
That 's where you will give the best thing .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who you 've got to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` <unk> with their many passions .
Keep his curiosity for those <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
We 're going to take up our internal petals leads to a real life and happy life .
And perhaps the most important thing , <unk> , the world takes us !
Thank you .
In the year , there 's a woman called <unk> was taken into a psychiatric attack .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember the most basic details of his life .
Your doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help <unk> , but they 're going to go out for her until that , unfortunately , he passed out .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plate , and they found it in the <unk> brain , of a guy who never had seen .
The most amazing thing .
If I 'd have been alive today , we could n't give her more aid that I gave it a few years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Of course , medicine has advanced .
They 've been found antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , many treatments for cancer , drugs for HIV , build for HIV and much more .
But a little bit about the treatment of Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's from over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But in 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , we put a lot of you .
If you expect to live up to 85 , the possibility of getting Alzheimer 's almost one of each two .
In other words , there 's the probability of the probability that come out of their years <unk> , or helping care of a friend or being willing to Alzheimer 's .
It 's just just in the United States , Alzheimer 's cancer costs costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and their costs have a rise of five times in the year 2050 , as you go through the generation of the giant boom .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the largest doctors and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fix it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's the only one you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less of the Alzheimer 's from other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that are in Alzheimer 's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a number of deaths of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what people know , but all the world should : Alzheimer 's a disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last decade , all , even the scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think we 're going to be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only one picture of a brain healthy , compared to the one of a Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's flowing out of the hope of life and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and he was making strangers in the brain of <unk> a century .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today , we know that they 're made of molecules molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that becomes like a origami .
There 's places on the role that they are .
And when it becomes well , these full dots end inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some different dots are in the outside .
This makes the molecules of protein to stick each other , forming groups that can form big plate plates .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's lots of steps , and the identification of what we block is to block is complex , as a pump .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the pump .
You 've got to find the right step to it , and then create a drug that makes it .
Until a little bit recently , in their most part have gotten up the wires and waited the best .
But now there 's a bunch of people of people , doctors , biologists , engineer , chemical , chemical , physicists and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It 's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen yet .
Let 's see a few videos of what happened to test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see it moves with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , they 've got molecules molecules that are placed among themselves , as in human humans .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in a early stage , then we see that they do and live a normal life .
This is just a very initial initial result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease we can understand and cure .
After 60 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that we get that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We 've got <unk> that Alzheimer 's is a disease , and if we tried to do it , we can <unk> .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have more research , and turning a lot of pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to go into the treatment of HIV at the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones and night , are often too much <unk> to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain is the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , that you ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
<unk> talking for them , and they will help to make a cure .
Thank you .
I posted this article in the Middle York column in the New York Times column , in January of this year .
To fall into each of someone , it does this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience to try to try to try to try to prove myself in the last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers to be able to make 36 questions every time , and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or a ability , what would be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you go to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> that moves on , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your couple to your partner what you like him , or she -- I know very close this time , and I gave things that you would n't tell someone you 've ever met .
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago , a real detail was actually called me attention , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was feeling about this process of making romantic love , but I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly very very very well , I did n't expect to be .
However , we fell in love , and I thought I was a good story , so he sent her to the Middle Love column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already already , August , so I guess some of you probably ask : they 're not going together ?
And the reason I think you 're doing this is because I 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
One week before he would put the article was very nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so , I had taken me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views .
And that took a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night , and already the Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday , I had already called the <unk> Show , and the Good <unk> America .
In one month , the article was over eight million visitors , and I was , to say something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster the trust writing in their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and the people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call , or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did first the same question : do n't follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for my email in my email with the phrase , `` Do n't follow together ? ''
And a number of messages immediately .
They were from students and journalists and journalists like this .
I was fighting the radio and they asked them .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in a international newspaper , you should expect that people sit comfortable wondering about it .
But I was n't ready for the relationship of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published an impending article for St. Day , and I had the experiences of the readers to prove the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very close to my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both had a public emergence together .
<unk> interviews , and he refused to pick up the photographs of photographs of us two .
I think I was afraid of going to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range for the one that I did n't feel at all it .
And I understand that people did n't want to know just if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce love love , not just an adventure , but love love , love love .
But this was a question that I was n't able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do we know if we 're going to put together , or not , and then they say ?
If the answer was not , I would make the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur <unk> wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead of that , I was looking forward to focus involved among college students , using what he was called <unk> personal personal , progressive personal .
Sounds like romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were inspired by doing it . Several years later , they also used the <unk> protocol , as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've been used between members of the police and the community , and they 've used to be used between people from the people of the opposite of the opposite .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately he never released .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little talk in a little university college , and then a student approached me , and he said , `` I study the study and did n't work .
He seemed to me for it .
And I mean , you want to say that you would tell you about the person with you ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she only wants to be friends .
And I 've got better friends ?
They would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a study ?
It was .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think the answer that none of you is looking for when it 's about love .
I encountered the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had been that relationship since I had 20 , which I was born almost all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I went on in science .
And I had all I could find about the science of romantic love , and I was hoping that that would be a certain way of the heart of the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did for the book I write , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as bad as I felt .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way .
I 'm more a patient with love . I 'm more precise .
I 've got more trust to demand what I 'm looking .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than what you would reasonably care about me .
What I 'm looking for the love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow , but I 'll continue to be loved by the person I love .
It can be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall up .
You can have a way for some way to mitigate something about the risk of the risk , and this is a very appealing story , because they would fall back to us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it 's about love , we 're very willing to take the short version of history .
The version of the story , I do n't follow together ?
And its content with an answer , or not .
So more than a question , I would say we make more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love , and how do you know how to cut and sleep ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship ? Or even more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more sensitive conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this -- a year ago , a known year , and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But they fall out is not the same thing to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy thing .
So at the end of my article , wrote : The love did n't happen .
<unk> fell because we took the election of being .
And I got a little bit like to read it right now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be made .
I did n't think we have both to take that decision , and how long I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always got to choose or not .
I want it to be enough to be done and answered 36 questions , I 've chosen to love someone as generous , nice and fun , and there 's expressed that election in the largest daily newspaper .
But what I 've done , in change , is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth I do n't think of truth .
And what I 'm looking for , and what you might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I do n't wrote .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone , and hope that he will also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's a deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised for some lesbian in the full mountain , and in a way I got a bit like a <unk> of the forest .
In the city of New York makes a time , something that really shocked me but more details .
I 'll start with when I was eight .
I took a wood box , and I took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange samples , or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we 'll get a little bit of how our kind of ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
In all ways , it has grace because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
In a moment , because I was in Hawaii -- I like to go on the room and do , and all those strange things -- and I was doing a disadvantages for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took up all the pages and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> in the James Martin , I covered it up and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of honeybees and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could be able to be <unk> .
Instead , the opposite thing happened : somehow it seemed to scale up , as if I was going to get the text with a glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding some electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding over the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to teach stories about these objects .
So I started to draw around the objects , and I realize that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , draw just like a body in the scene of crime .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , a little bit of the ones that you can do an idea .
And then I made some insects and creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started building exhibition and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some time , I got interested in the human form , <unk> sculptures in the natural size of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I 'll go .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started to draw on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that we have a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work <unk> with something very big , that I call `` one-two-three-four . ''
And for the <unk> , I was inspired by a great measure in `` The backyard of the <unk> , '' and this is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit back to their time .
Well , the <unk> . <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
Five meters long .
It 's a double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit rare .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all of these creatures in the head of the local animals travel between two worlds .
You 're going to go from the world of representation , to this kind of analog mesh where they hide .
Here 's where the creatures with the heads of animals are going to go to the <unk> , lists to kill them on mass mass .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird bird tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the <unk> -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> , the Osama bin shelter , there 's all kinds of rare things that can find if you look very well in the ocean .
All anyway also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it keeps oil in a hand while the other hand goes out .
Your hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a lot to keep the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the <unk> .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
So that 's the hand in which it knows .
And then , when you go to the other hand , it 's got a nose , like a bird , like a bird 's summit , and it keeps the clouds of this nose .
It also has a tail of five meters long a tail of snake that binds to the <unk> .
Anyway , his tail becomes fire by a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things they go , you know .
Her tail ends up in an eye of the <unk> <unk> of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980 decade , as if they were baseball card .
Very <unk> for her time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material are infected , dictionaries or journals .
But each one acts as a kind of file in terms of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 .
They 're like cells , you get together , you divide it .
And you can walk between them . It 's a few years .
Each one is basically a <unk> of the microscope that weighs 10 pounds with a <unk> human inside its inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can give you the entry .
I 'm going to get you through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of thing .
It 's a quick check of these works , because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a game for half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's a few pills coming up and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest of the forest inside of the workload cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes we live .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called <unk> <unk> .
Inside this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a painter , a musician , a musician , a writer , a museum , a museum , a museum , a museum , a museum , a book that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you convince you who is and the box that 's living .
And we got to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion of we are different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts from the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with manipulating and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do ?
They take a cyborg .
But for this pill , it has been effect against pain , first happens by the stomach , the horses and other organs .
Let 's take a pill , it 's the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug in the body is going to be made in the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that the <unk> of any drug is shocked .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve to reduce the amount of virus in the blood , and to increase the count of cells .
But they 're also known for its effects effects , in their majority , because in the time that we take to get to the blood current , it 's <unk> , and worse still for the time that we take to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is a bit , and it does n't save in the bloodstream of the patients who are starving to regular drugs .
However , after the treatment of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new cells .
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of a life treatment .
One day , I sat up and I thought , `` Could we do the treatment directly to the warehouse of virus , without the risk of medicine ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can imagine , including transportation .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open , or it 's extremely small holes , which opened and close to almost the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best thing you ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little bit a little laser beam on the mobile cell membrane on HIV , while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is <unk> immediately .
Today we 're testing this technology in vitro or in plate plate , but the goal is to lead this technology to the human body , apply to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a device of three heads .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make a lot in the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , it 's going to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that goes down the drug , it releases it directly on the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep cells open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied civil groups , not state organizations : military organizations like terrorists , microphones or mates .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to the violent confrontation of violent participation .
I do work work , in the world of politics and the library .
To understand these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and government actors .
For example , of the <unk> peace arrangements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> was signed up between a state and an actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we do n't have to behave in any comfort process of successful conflicts .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what drives these organizations .
We know very good for the reasons they fight , how do they do , but nobody is doing it .
The armed struggle and political struggle relate .
All of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the <unk> <unk> , met by his violent flu against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980 , <unk> also has set up a political party , a social activity network and a military device .
In the same way , the Palestinian Palestinian , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , I also run the Gaza Bank from 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We 're going to have a complex machine of communication , radio stations , television Internet , TV websites , the Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the magazine magazine , print in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups are also investing in a complex support of funding without looting , but by cost-effective business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funding , to take better and building their brand .
The armed groups also do something more : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , they put it into a professional training programs or <unk> programs .
<unk> provides all these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population to make something that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan of the war , or even the principle of the rise of ISIS , can be able to figure out the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But generally , we will provide social services , it means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> divide for government , and enables these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the Nigerian victory of 2006 of the Palestinian maze ca n't be able to recognize the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long view .
These groups are hybrids .
They 're growing because they were making gaps for government , and they come up as armed and armed groups and politicians , participate in violent struggle and they 're governance .
And the most complex and sophisticated ones are these organizations , less can <unk> as something else to a state .
How do we call a group like <unk> ?
It 's a part of a territory , they run all their functions , they collect the garbage , run the system out of sewer .
Is it a state ? Is it a <unk> group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is you ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , without state nations , and the most weak are states , like in the Middle East , and they go up and fill that divide the government actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in tools not the military tools .
It 's going to be able to be able to be able to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish the peace .
If we understand better to the armed groups , we will better understand what incentives to make to foster the transition of violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and civil power , the military power can make some battles , but we do n't give peace or stability .
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum vacuum vacuum , to fill that total of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to take the tag on the `` feminist '' would be unfair for the feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to be <unk> as a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started to call the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate kettle , it has become something larger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years ago , I had strange ideas about mathematics , these women <unk> , I read with the men , and they hate sex .
Today , I see how women are treated in the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable response response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that was using people to see it could be a feminist .
To be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo word .
I was <unk> as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-worth , and she 's like to believe it 's like or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that <unk> woman , until you realize that actually is that woman , and you ca n't imagine to be another person .
Over time , as I was growing , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , so proud to be .
To me , some claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's the same salary for the same work .
We 've got right to travel around the world as the <unk> , free or violence .
We 've got right to use easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We 've got the right to decide about our bodies , no need to be able to be able to be successful or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you need to have to realize our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have these differences and how we affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
To me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I 'm trying to work , I hear rap music <unk> to all volume .
Although the letter contributes to women , and it 's deeply defined , the classic , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' from the Himba Hills .
`` Do it actually with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , let 's go , <unk> until you got the shell . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely impressed by my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of the man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all of the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage chain , the <unk> of the grass and the maintenance maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love from fashion magazines and things .
And I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the blindfold on , and I 've got a <unk> fantasies of the fairy tales that you do .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of his husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raising their children , I have that election , also .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election , the problem is that our society is <unk> in ways that makes women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We 're looking at this problem .
It 's the conventional feminism that has been ignored , or essentially the needs of color women , the workers , gay and bisexual women , in favor of white , a half and high class .
Listen , if that 's great feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It 's also happening the next thing : as a feminist , I 'm a lot of pressure .
We 've got this tendency to put a prisoner in a pedestal .
We hope we 're going to do it .
When we were <unk> , we take them with a lot from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I 've said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've already consider me from that pedestal before I try to put there .
Many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , they 're afraid of being written as a math .
They 're afraid of foot and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear to what that tag is , for fear to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Let 's take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Al-Qaeda .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In San Music <unk> <unk> , in MTV , in front of the word `` feminist '' from three meters tall .
It was a wonderful show , looking at this pop star embracing the feminism and do to know women and men who will be a feminist is something to be proud .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics , and they made evidence , if I was <unk> was or not the feminist .
<unk> his feminism , instead of simply to believe the word of a adult woman and grown .
<unk> <unk> , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot , we need to be so excited .
We 're much beyond critical and constructive criticism , for the feminism of any woman , break until it 's nothing .
We do n't need to do that .
Silence , or well , a more inclusive feminism is the point point .
But what happens ?
We 're going to be able to recognize our flaws to give up the action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier than they would be happier .
These artists would n't change their way to talk about women in their songs , until we 're going to be able to inspire their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why do your music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice .
But when the bad decisions is educating this makes the most difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think in my nieces , three and four years .
They 're two great girls , and it 's brilliant , and also very courageous . I want to grow in a world .
And where you 're going to tell you for strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is a lot easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is about sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the <unk> .
We can change the radio department when we hear songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the film in the other part when the movies do n't treat women more than as much as possible objects .
We can stop support in professional sports where the athletes are trying to their partners as well .
In any case , the men , especially the white men , heterosexual people can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish him in his magazine , to participate in his project , or working with you , until it does n't make a number of women enough to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until his publication , or their organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in this kind of projects , we can also be able to be treated until we 're willing to overcome the barriers to the decisions .
So we 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without to adopt these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions come to the top , to the people in the power of directors and music producers and music , CEOs , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a neurological change and significant change .
We can also tell you our feminism , good , bad , bad , or any one .
The last line of my book , `` <unk> <unk> , '' says , `` I 'm going to be a bad feminist ? ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , about everything , because I 'm going on my voice was stolen and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it the incident to do front of what happened .
A few guys , I got up when I was very young , and I did n't know that the kids can do this to a girl .
They were treated like nothing .
I started to believe it was nothing .
<unk> my voice , and after all I did n't realize that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And with it .
I 'm going to take it into a stronger version of myself .
And I read the words of the women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who seemed to me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
He told me the words of women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the writing and feminism , I also discovered that if it was a little courageous , another woman could listen to me and tell me that none of us is nothing that the world is about telling us we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the fact that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say , and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little courageous , when you need to be a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , you had measles , or to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , it 's a more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system , it 's one of the most easily easily capacity in the world .
There 's a effective vaccine against this from a half century , but many of the kids involved in the outbreak , they had n't been immunized because their parents were afraid of something supposed even worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that releases the wrong thing about autism and the <unk> vaccines , Susana and marked to be a willful fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe most smart scientists that the HIV theory cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines would be able to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the evolved of autism in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I had heard about it create all their professional life without seeing a single case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable as only three or four children for each 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started to be <unk> .
<unk> of funds as <unk> <unk> is driven by autism as an epidemic , like a epidemic , as if I could talk about another child in the house .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is the vaccines ?
If you ask people from the Control Control Control Control Control Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` a better detection of cases . ''
But that kind of language does n't make a lot of the fears of a young mother that 's looking for the face of his son of two years , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to find answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to see with slow progress , and I 'm a lot of the science that with the key power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story was a fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global health health .
There was a second most precise story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinic literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a psychiatrist 's psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hopkins Hopkins , and it 's <unk> , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds , <unk> people around their own parents .
They could have fun for hours to their faces , but they were running out of the panic for <unk> as when they did n't put his favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
The basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , he was stated that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as you take references to places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , let 's be able to give that diagnosis to kids with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it was <unk> that he had become nine of every 10 children for other doctors to their office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of their theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of Mother child caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept carefully in a refrigerator that would n't be <unk> .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are looking at certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could tell between 18 , before I got two years old .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like the kids were just willing to have heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becomes invisible for the world in general .
Now , thank it , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , an cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of mothers 's <unk> , was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a child , like , a little boy without support services , no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for the autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Stevenson decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They made a study of autism in autism in the general population .
<unk> a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw , I was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more small and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by the astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or in the demolition of the <unk> .
In the other way , these kids did n't fit into a nice and <unk> frames , as he said Stevenson , and you saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model of <unk> would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost by trying to make sense to their data .
How do anybody do n't have to tell these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to an article published in Cameroon , the next year to the article of <unk> , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this paper paper , but I avoided <unk> in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but fortunately , the <unk> husband was written German , and he translated it for it .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
Your author was a man named Hans David , which was running a <unk> clinic with a graduate school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching for children with differences with learning differences were <unk> .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes with music , and the kids were getting on their games .
Instead of blame to the parents of causing autism , Chris described as a human disability of for life , and we needed <unk> forms of support and spaces .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , I call them their little teachers , and he went to help in the developing methods of education that were especially right for them .
Basically , Chris saw autism as a diverse continuum that has a remarkable variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism , and the autistic traits were common and always have been , looking at ways of this continuum in the pop culture , as the awkward social scientist and the professor could .
He was further there even until to say , that for success in science and art , a piece of autism is essential .
<unk> and Lima found that I was wrong in the fact that autism was <unk> , so as parents were the user .
In the next few years , they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnostic Association , which prevents the diversity of what they call `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the end of the '80s and the early 1990s , their changes came into place , and they 're going to be a limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model .
These changes did not fell broken .
You know , when we were <unk> and Orwell worked between me to reform these criteria , people around the world would see an adult for the first time .
Before he said , `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the performance of <unk> encounters like <unk> , and the recognition of `` Man Man , '' with four prizes of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , they were introduced the early clinical clinical trials to use for autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little cycle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect , a perfect storm of the awareness of autism .
The number of diagnosis began to lift up , as well as they predicted <unk> and Orwell , in fact , they were expecting that that was , making people with autism and their families , and the services they were affected .
So Andrew <unk> got to blame vaccines by the rise in the diagnosis , a simple , powerful , powerful story , so bad as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the heart of prevention that one of eight children in the United States are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic world are one of the largest kids in the world .
In the last few years , the autistic people have been on the Internet to reject the idea that they 're puzzles to solve for the new doctors , the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
A way to understand the <unk> is to think about terms of human systems systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily easily <unk> , social biology , and it 's a attention of attention to the details .
Definitely , the autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting to Asperger 's , which creates the `` cure '' for the most <unk> aspects of autism are in the understanding of the teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and the parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> said once , `` We need all the hands in covered in covered with humanity . ''
While we manage to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to do front of the challenges we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to lose a brain .
Thank you .
