You know that what I do is writing for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, the more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and Egyptians.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that fell you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's a painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boltzman.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
And they beat up to bleeding every week in the kids' bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Postem he said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never came to meet.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to go with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laugh, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it one place, and we interact it, and we take care of it, and we commissioned their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet as an adult came to meet me, it became a ash box, and it was put into my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need a truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today it was a lot of this today.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first impacts.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was killed, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The iceberg all around me would get out of water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a snowflake on another coincidence of snow year after year.
The impacts are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of you refuse to go and go down to the end, while others can't withstand it anymore and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated, and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing their ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts water, it takes rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
And I'm close to photograph these tags as if it comes to the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist like that, and they won't exist again again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuum of their path through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last photos I'd like to show you are from a photograph that was photographed in Jerusalem, Greenland.
It's rare enough to actually get to present a round iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a picture of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of you will get a baby . OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want them to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the concept itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined to the X chromosome.
Both of them are in and started life.
We'll go back to talking about them later.
In my own activity, I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people loved anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body, what's thought about the body.
The other role that I'm going on in my work is the activist of activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with symmetrical twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with inanimate; people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with athletic sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it international.
Interpretation adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male forms or female.
For example, it's the case of the individual with XOO, whose Research gene of chromosome and says to the prototypes, that we all have in the federal life, which become testes.
And then, in the federal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of anxiety.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a result, the body develops on a very female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realized that something is happening.
After doing it tests, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it doesn't really.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supernoval glands.
They're on the back of the body.
Supernova glands produce hormones, the hormone of matrix.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; he doesn't know their architectural structure; I believe to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the elderly.
We produce hormones, and we respond to the anomalies.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the hormones that the woman who was born with testes who have the syndrome of anxiety.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the interpretents are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: I got a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they're going; she had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy, and I just found out he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a known disease as a Republican hyperCode.
He had 20 chromosomes, and the uterus glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genitals were manipulated, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
He was born with a child, no one suspected.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when doctors found out that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an intractable case.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what's known as obsoletes, which is, they have an empty tissue wrapped in a traditional tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies are anonymous, symphony twins, or smart surgery, they have not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you have several surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in terms of historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with catastrophe.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born like two people within a body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor with the South African corridor, and it was placed in trial, his sex in the International Games of Berlin.
A lot of journalists call to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine if you're suffering? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a silly line between men and women or between men and smart and women and intense; we are us who we plot that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stage adaptive categories that correspond directly with stable intellectual categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also, in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact that they're going to distinguish them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more and more in an awkward zone that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we have probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the end and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very advanced discussions today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone gets dead.
Our ancestors never had to be seen with this question of whether someone was dead.
As long as they put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moves still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to face the dilemma of really determines someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could go to someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, I'm defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I'll tell you that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about me.
tense from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension, I've got to admit that I'm a former feature of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much looking at that music called 1775, and not by music, which is totally passive.
It's why it happened in 1978 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activist activists of anatomy and explained why.
What they refuse was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another who was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as they all remember, what our founding parents were on was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power by the right blood right from the grandfather to father and then the son and so on.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They built the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the atomic differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system where two things were spending.
Democracy was being tested, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if you look at the story of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power, which goes from a birth idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and God's god.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, we were transforming the idea of the atomic coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the hot of Sudan Trust, who said,``I'm not a woman? ''
We found men in the row of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who appeal to the atomic coincidence about atomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start to wonder why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we should get to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old were allowed to have sex relationships or marry.
There are some anatomical divisions that to me make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them, and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both sides of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms: I was born on March 1.
For the only fact of being born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights, three months before Henry -- right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man, and I haven't told you whether it's XY, in virtue of being considered now, it's possible for the mandatory imbalance that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, of course, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So, still analogy categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science moved so much in the field of anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be broken?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time, I feel like science is scarce.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do chromosomes to people.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sustainability syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``And I'm going to go on ,"offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to tell you that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to ensure people's rights, because I've got to admit that I know from some of the crops that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relations than people from 40 I know.
So, how do you put the issue of character content?
It turns out very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance.
Do we want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to run this current thinking of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian, where a man who feels drawn to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, where it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I'd made a couple of years ago, and then I'd separate them and get his fame.
But when to the phone, I asked her the reason of operation was a very risky operation, and I told me that in that other country, these kids were very battered, and therefore I had to.
What I said,``Well, it's considered political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we'd given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomical biologists, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, because I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that have interesting me are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and taking care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
You years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism, I was considered feminist, like now made me a strange plant.
\" Tell me what's about feminism . ''
And I thought,``It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism is about unraveling gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist . ''
But the more I've thought about her question, the more that it has been a female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, of having more mothers inject more mothers to this concept, maybe we'd enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
Maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go live and work, you have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments were already property, and that the other half still would be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capability by making an extension in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you're facing is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the disruption of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amplication.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the norms of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new big enough reform zones to keep cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Java and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras, I went through a spread constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter Labs is applied to a platform in which it promises reforms and the same reconciliation time.
He asked October to be their cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
And through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities underneath their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those norms that say you can't go and bothered all the current apartments of apartments.
We paid a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs so much of technologies as usual to progress, and they usually are the rules that prevent us.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth a link with TED.
I showed it to Java.
They call me.
They said,``Let's show this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hospital conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York . Look at that, in some cases, they're worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under state is a place where you start with population terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go to or not to live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the way for our country forward.
He asked me to go and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the mushrooms that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that's at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud currently.
The audience faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said,``Professor Robert, thank you for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it will also include new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders from the Honduras government would need aid from associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that will help them to set up and make the norms of the status, so they could all be able to trust the status indeed.
Went out and we saw a site.
This photograph is from there.
It could be easily about a thousand square kilometers.
And soon after the January 19, they voted in Congress to launch their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed us to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional amendment was 1.2 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, they backed it.
To include the constitution, you have to fit twice in Congress.
February 17th was approved again in another voting , 115 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 jurisdictions went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a whole new center of the city that is being built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country built in cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this differently, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come, and at the time would allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the last institution for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They even get some funding.
But the only thing we know have already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that have to leave back to their family to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even the kids who are trying to get together with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to them to think about thinking that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my homeless friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my valuable.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and it's, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love finding, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suits, colorful and different for each time.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second car market markets and secondhand stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my graduation in the environment and my wallet.
I get to meet interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my appearance is unique; and buying it into my personal search for treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my workshop?
I'd like color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the subject of my valuable, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anybody have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Row inside exactly one week is all I've put on my valuable.
I would imagine that it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after coming here to Palm Springs.
And because I don't know me like the woman who walking by TED in inner clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
And I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the whole set, including the jacket, was 55, and it's the most expensive I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad, when you're seeing a bright red swamp.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other people happy.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Whoa of the child that you take inside.
Sometimes people say to me, it seems to me that I play the differences, or I remind you of their little 11-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Joseph: The confidence is the key.
If you think you're good with something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't do well with something, it probably also is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look at you you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for no one of this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lentils go to everything.
And finally, Saturday: developing a personal, unique style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little valuable.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because at the turn of the corner, there's always going to be another crazy, colorful, bright suit, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two sides.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attributes of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be absolutely intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these would take for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like that -- with a great appetite in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, like most of the other different quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to reconcile these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the past of the years is the one that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound rare to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do very well, it always fell.
But I bet that you play with that parking bar, I taught you a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow you to pass them, and you stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play the parking bars, they play these little particles.
And when they play their particles, they find that they do all kinds of things that are really rare -- like you can cross walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they call it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, a few years ago -- you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't go very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle.
But it wasn't going well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made from small particles and all the little particles are the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics superpower.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right in the center.
And then we do a very good approach to the little bit of metal.
What we see is a little little bit of metal, and it's shaped, and you get supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this farmer with a form of swimming film that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up, I'm going to stop doing those things, because I don't want them bothered, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey partners from inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that allowed it and the wind that goes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights, then we introduced a vacuum, and we extracted all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree on the absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measured their movements.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating, and the way I saw it was like a breathing like this -- like a surface that expands and contract.
And by giving a smooth, we were able to make it vibrate, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing visible and doesn't vibrate at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In a case: all the billions of atoms that make that piece of metal are static, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in certain instant when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're delighted.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is cool.
Seriously.
I was worth going on a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on the scale between one atom, and that metal piece is sort of the same as the difference between those metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you?
I mean, it's my logical part that I'm talking about.
So imagine if you were in many places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was delighted in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could reach this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are . And that's the deep narrative of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Dimitri.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, we assure it, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I make a great education -- I don't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just, we go to Golbring.
Look around all the museums there.
There's the GuzzzzyP Gallery, the MoMA, the Emilition, the Redwood, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going into one of my favorites, the Metropolitan, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do that -- very simple.
We click, and I walked, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Mumbai or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the planet up, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hallway.
They go forward . They get fun.
You explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Coaks' Cohen ,"from Pieter Brunel.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the digital technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can make gold around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to depth.
So I started playing, and I found something that's going on there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
And I came in and I found that kids were actually playing something.
I came up with a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually found that this is a game called incredible, which is to hit a hole with a Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can really get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image out, so you can really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite,``The Star night . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the star night ,"I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of God ,"-- we just made a zoo around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can manage things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you're going to contemplate these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even not from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes justice to your art work, and it's appropriately represented online.
And the big question that you do today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think that it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it responsive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy growing up with this photograph on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting about the Redwood careers one in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, I took a budget and I took it up to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, will be called a real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and a drug.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are beginning to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the free air.
And as such, they're beginning to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
Condition is big.
As an aside, I want to mention that cities are only two percent of the Earth's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Pakistan Allator exhibition by the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk Uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms became sensors and actuators.
And that's changing the whole interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses, it's said, at the end, he took the hammer, and he dragged it to the Moses -- he's still looking at a little bit below, and he said,``Excuse me? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just some examples, and I'm going to show up in the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with the 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zinga, he gave your head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tree River.
It's morning, before game.
The timeline is at the top.
At the early end, there are people here and there cheating, moving.
The Party begins: silence.
Grand from France . Google from Italy.
Teacher -- people make a fast call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of regulating time.
First extra time, second.
Window, and in a moment, the head.
Win Italy, yes!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center to find the winner and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachula, where, from the Roman era, people are going to celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the garbage into their device.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would all pull.
And then we put them a little chip, a sticker, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Some of Seattle ...
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many influences in the system.
We can do the same for much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist before.
They're happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing that we think is that if we see every single day that the cup that we draw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still still there.
That if we show people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Chris Birch, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Gaza.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology look like, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine you have a chain and valves, solidaries of solenoids, lenses that open and close.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, texts.
And by approaching, the curtain will open up so that we can go through, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And you give a commission to design the building to the input of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no windows, no windows, but when you're approaching you open up so you can pass.
The roof is also covered of water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salts, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and the whole architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be someone, in the winter, when the roof goes down, someone who was there, and he said,``They gave the building . ''
No, it's not that they've eaten it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture.
Here it is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am, I'm trying to not move to the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was really even more fun.
All the kids in Zaraha came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump not to move.
( People noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use people will give them to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, the water pixels, and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one has a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a plastic cloud in 3D to which you can zoom up and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the true flower, going down to form a V, like before.
When light comes up, it looks like this.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Moore -- of the best ballet dancers, the star of the Metropolitan of New York and the Millennion Hall to capture their 3D motions and use them as an entry for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and motion, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called The Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a crowd of clouds like the grain cube, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody would give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world into the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time, and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, we may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud is pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from down, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
Like a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would say that, with only some changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be better, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about a good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you most like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
Audience: creativity . Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Hands up . Let me see.
Few . Probably it was to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many would you choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Ah, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a belong subject here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's gaze.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED . Jeflando, who came together in the Church Orthodox Church, wrote a test called``Nothing In biology makes the light except of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it refer to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is, of course, the most interested.
We derived from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indifferent, that it comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take on the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damasio is, you know, you're thinking about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very advertising.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force forest towards the output.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future defend?
Are we in a sort of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or meant to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast intellectual symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, as one and unique companies, and human life, a small notion of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was a college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by choice and beauty.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most existence in life, in universal organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It comes into the sex reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of death's death comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but every year I spent, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns's feelings, who even acted in Las Vegas well in their 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, it's a wonderful light light.
He looks at it and says,``Come in for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary standpoint, you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbit, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen is when he said,``I don't want to get the immortality through my job.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
On the bottom of the ocean, the weather bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish acid, yet they've managed to do that an advertising environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And second, as a species, we've set up our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapted to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we shut up, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the evolution happen.
A second possibility is that the evolution of traditional, natural type is involved by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution will come up, but they're inexpensive.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species of distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
The so-called new evolution, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more standards than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's choosing at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you're able to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or the risk of cancer or eliminate the appetite?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and she took 13 years.
It cost 2.3 million dollars.
The next year of being finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to the $20,000 and in a week.
It won't have a lot to be able to make the human genome reality for $1,000 and getting closer and closer to all.
They come those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco?
That's true today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine only two little changes.
Can the cells change their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
And if you could change sperm and egg, or change the fresh flight, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminate the memory, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier kids?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to allow us to be able to also adopt hyperbolic strategies -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jefferson especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and faster?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could embrace the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of earlier in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to select selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by doing clothes, clothing, class.
Clap, clothing, clothing, clothing . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already lived the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the airplane with the Hudson River.
Generally that's not the route.
I took the engines.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most heartbreaking words that I've heard.
He said,``preparing for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about it later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``College came bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we went through the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't a lot -- I thought about,``Wow, I really feel a big time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also spawned my ego.
And I'm sorry the time you wasted in things that don't matter with people who do care.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water right.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that whole life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was sent in a single thought, which is, I just want one thing.
I could just see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And screaming, cry, like a little.
And for me, that was the whole reason for the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Most of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live otherwise.
You're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDMED was one of the most important geeks in the 1980s.
A day he got home after running and said,``Daddy, I feel a hunter in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony, TED, and their cause.
So I went and gathered with her brother and father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I only want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, it's not that you see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do they communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the movie``The Standard and the butterfly"?
They communicate that way -- they're looking at the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of which I signed up a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
He engaged me with her brother and his father there at that moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make their art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called Greenhous Research Lab, which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, they draw about that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the things from one side to another side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it York because I talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was we bring seven programmers from all over the world literally from all the planets on the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, moved to the back and hackers and programmers and conservation and anti-agencies, took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid, and that when we went back to the sides of the walls, and instead there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we were programming, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Excelline . And you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sun goggles that we bought in the sea of Venice Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Deposor and Radio Shanghai.
We took a PCS camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we publish free code the software down in a free form.
And we create a device that has no limitations at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this light and chess during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture, because this is the support system of their life, and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of parking the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends, and I would imagine what was the feeling in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to spread in the parking way, so we feel like we were dealing with graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater, and someone finally came to rescue me and get away from there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a Magic display.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what end of closing the circle is that in April of this year at the fruits of the FDA in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best experts of the Bangladesh urban art, Shell Fisher, Childsters all are going to be there.
TEDMED is going to be in the show which is pretty awesome.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- stage, computer, the microphone, the Scratch nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology; I just recognized something and associated with me with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do . If not, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years going in very difficult situations, and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I film in zones of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the brand of brands, and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit differently.
So, some may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took a bird in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TED TEDTalk.
What I had was:``The Namist Namibia present: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and content to be able to exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, you couldn't have been able to tell them.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've got into horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be able to anticipate, for something as difficult or as dangerous as going into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spartn: I want to make a film that deals with products, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film funded with products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest movie never sold"is that everything from the top down, in principle to end, has marks of brand, all the time -- from the aspiration that appears before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Buttchen Stanford, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated to the film to perceive -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's redundant .): What? (MK: It's redundant .) At the point, forever?
I'm a redundant nightmare . (MK: I just say it .) It was more per emphasis.
It was``All Percentage . ''
But we're not just going to have the X mark sponsors in the title, but we're going to make sure that we can make all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the coolest shoe that you've used.
The most cool car that you've driven in``The largest movie never sold ,"the best tragedy you've been drinking,``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Daniel Korea: The idea is then, in addition to showing brands as part of life, to make them finance the film? (MS: To make the film fund .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, in principle to end.
And I'd love you to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Boy: However, I don't know how fast people are going to be.
JK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult to meet them, but surely it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big marks.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment to go out of the movie, we see a lot of joy idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Runnington: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by film or for being me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So, you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) impressive.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge) When you look at people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Come off the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
The camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media scenario and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new discourage of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a graphic mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been OK.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- or simulation or deception, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to make it true, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency day -- like that weird bear that still keeps burning.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat a whole piece of Cody White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me on some lie, and there he's looking at how he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that only because I met John Bond and Richard Kroken from many years ago I realized that I would have to go on my own, I'd have to take off to the inner and go to corporations myself with my whole team.
So what I started looking at suddenly -- -- which I started to realize is that when you start to talk to corporations, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who do big movies, huge, giant, other people who make small movies, independent, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant, say the reason their films have so much success because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who do independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see Bander specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Bang Bay.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I would offer one of these fabulous aroma.
Both``Florid Full"as``Parasites of Paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as a woman -- solid, blood, on bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give you a prosthed view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Like the smallest type of movies that you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So do things like that, you know, remind people Bay, this is why we're interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe?
Bay is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talked about something bold, fresh.
I believe that``cool"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus``smell the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep you fresh longer? With better fresh, more fresh, three times faster.
Things like those who highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a billionaire company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: It's going to take the 1980s, power power, unless it's a wash.
MS: All right, what is the Zero brand?
George: Something unique . (MS: unique .) ) MS: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I carry accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convention ,"Mersead Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a fluke.
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in John, in a little girl, Brither, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
I sold pets for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Market scaring failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify the intersection of dark glamour, and casual flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson Zahrie in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nike, February, Hallower to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Kibera: You brought the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photograph.
S: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people models my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All those things are originated, and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day of my life.
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who would like to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: Tell me about``why"-- why does that serve us?
What is the male? What's the power phase you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What does the red look like?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other monsters have you had?
Don't have to be fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Jay! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
HA: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) A: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very well .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of madness in this.
Lyndon Galapagon: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complexity, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Space is a consumer brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points, or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that they're not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them cleaned and make it positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other marks are like that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see Taraha, Wii, Minister of Mini Cooper and Peter.
Now there are legal marks and conscious marks, those things that they've gone and came, but a legal brand is quite potent.
MS: A legal brand . What is your brand?
If someone asked you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an extra attribute? Are you someone who makes the blood flow?
Or are you more a distant attribute?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative?
The advanced attributes are how to be playful as the Prince, contemporary, adventure, bold or bold like Europe Franklin, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic like Gando.
Or are you rather than detailed attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 0006?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, familiar, reliable, secure, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Yore?
On the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, an anti-trade and the descendants, who said``no ,"didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of neuroscientist, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance now uses the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising.
In the whole city for the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no posters, there are no volcanoes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquid problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer, or that I've had more success are those that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the inmates, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has it gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the film is stressed in the Sundance Festival, we take a look.
According to the film, the movie is preserved in January, and since then -- and this is not all of us have had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film was still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in Amsterdam.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started winning momentum.
And it's not wrong because it's almost all the agencies that we talked about to their clients won't be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, they're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, you're preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what's going to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be afraid of opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'll move forward, I think we have to give it a fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From one string at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
Now more than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk``Open transparency"has been presented by my good friends from Ecuador who by $1,100 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EC: turning big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EC presents``We opened the transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the transparency, that happened exactly with those 7,500 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name from the TED matrix of TED, the Sapling Foundation, a child for $1,100 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the worm computer Stuxnet is really very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the prevalence plant of uranium in Natalie.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we manage to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we get an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with an individual Windows.
The eye goes into the gray box, it gives the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is defeated; mission turned.
It's easy, oh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex at the Windows part of Windows: the installation used multiple dark vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infer our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened with this.
So, very strange things happened.
Sputnik was behaving as a lab in lab that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experiencing with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The install is looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Sputnik does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It might be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we found the goal soon.
So we extracted, and we downloaded the code of attack, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs: a little and a big.
We also saw that they were armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I'll attack.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the station of Sputnik is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks like the old anti-political language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system function, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking at temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with targets of the real world.
We need theories about recipients that we could either approve or leverage.
To get to theories, we remember that it's definitely a violent sabotage, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find a number of thousands of targets in that area.
Basically it boils to the nuclear power plant of Bushman and the name plant of Nathan.
So I told my assistant,``A list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them, and I consulted them in an effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with the control of the rotate.
The robot is that mobile part within the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotors, you certainly can do it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and break into an obvious effort to come down crazy to maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital eye by looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 164 is going on in that code, you can't be able to be able.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natalie and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 160 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So it didn't be wrong.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard labor.
We usually ended up on the streets, and we had to start back.
And yet, we found out that both digital eyes went to a single and very goal, but from different angles.
The little eye is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and reducing them, and the big eye communicate with six waterfall and manipulating valves.
In sum, we are very confident that we've determined what the daunting is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We shouldn't worry about other targets being reached by Stuxnet.
Here's some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, these fake input data are rewarded by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies, where, during the robot, the security camera is fed from video.
Is it cool there?
The idea here is obviously not only to shine the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, on an energy plant, when the big steam turbines goes up, you have to open up tubes in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And not the operations nor the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium integration.
It might work also, for example, on an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, like we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
Enjoy the most possible.
And if you did that, you're going to end up with a manipulation of massive destruction.
That's the consequence that we have to face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers.
We have to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been published in many sides that people assume that the mosquito is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langalore: OK, you really want to hear this?
Yes.
My view is that the mosquito is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's a single, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and that give you subjective skills, or another one who makes users of wheelchair get up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics"we call these robots, exoskeleton.
They're nothing different from something that goes in the morning, gives you a big force, who also increases your speed, and helps it, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and other outside environments.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we started by talking about the American soldier that, on average, must be able to take on their back a load of 45 kilos, and it's melting to take more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Port-au-Prince Human Charles.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton, I can run 90 kilos by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows us to be able to get in headphones to drag and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Emily Benefield: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talked about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that we start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that's going on fast.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELS that's using Amanda Botan who is 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, it couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boxemone: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, who mentioned.
It has some sensors.
You don't completely invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here on the back.
There's also a battery that gives energy to the engines in the hips, and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when, by a bizarre jump in the air, climbing down, fell down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost every feeling and everything from the pelvis down.
Shortly afterwards, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope for me.
The adaptive technology since then, I've allowed me to learn to slow down in ski, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
No, it's not the Ferming Man's festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos in Congo forests.
Bonobos are, together with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, the chimps are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much hidden in this in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, scary types, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't yet been observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fog itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been planted by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
whaling meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them like the apes of love, not war, because they have frequent, promiscuous and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo's life is more than the Romo Sun.
Bonobos, like humans, love playing throughout their whole life.
playing is not just a game of kids.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to set up links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with diversity of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a Bonobo standard ball, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``I have it pulling it out of the balls . ''
Just that I think in this case, he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like testes and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's fun.
But the game is petrocipation.
The game is petrolock, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginary, curious -- perhaps the place where awe is being remembered.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who is playing with the water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the maximum of our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When the least it seems to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and awe.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm a developing organization of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant in a voluntary firemen body.
And in our city, where volunteers come to a highly skilled person you have to get to the site of fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was angry in a conversation with the property who didn't have one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the night, she was standing outside the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, it fights, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I got, call them Lewis Luther first came up first to the captain, and he asked him to enter and save the owner of home.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a money management that, during the rest of his life, would have to say to the people who walked into a building in call to save a living living only because I won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an anonymous.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and he brings this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went out of the stairs, at the end of the hallway, and I went to the real firemen, and that height, they had finished turning off the fire and went into the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back to the ladder where I met my numbers and the price dog in the front door.
We took out of the house, the treasures for the house, where it was to wait, their treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of house by looking at the courageous, shown to save their house.
The kindness that she observed by the other was somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my vocation as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage to individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has their importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're by getting, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they enter the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, go back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were built in 1865 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things that us, as buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBTQ did it accessible.
LGBTQ simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell Labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static bricks attached to one another to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create much bigger and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was only for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Liberations.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Literatures are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they join the magnets.
So you can't be wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
Green is the output, the blue is the current, the rose is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produced light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an intense light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Liberations are actually very potent.
Instead of having to program, connecting and solar, Liberations allows us to program very simple intuitive gestures.
To do faster or slower, it just turns out this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Liberations is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to use.
lights, sounds, solar panels, engines; everything must be accessible.
We've given artists to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Libetan schools to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Liberations as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and the front, we have Georgia creating ...
( Method sound) ) A few weeks ago, we took Libetan to the designers at Rhode Island School, who don't have any experience in engineering, only in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that has done, an active conflict cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Liberations became another material, the electronic became another material.
And we want this material to be at the top of all.
So Liberations have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company will be involved with the environment focusing on the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can keep better on the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to tell you the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be arrested; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Cody for America, and they would be like a Peace Peace Corps.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world.
They made big applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know.
This is a house of Boston City.
Here it appears as if I look at a quote, but what really seeks is that someone clean when it gets caught by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a subway meter.
How did he get to help in this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had an American members team.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik McCarrica noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, it developed an app.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, I put it.
If you don't, somebody can steal.
So, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it stretches in viral form.
A responsibility of systems in Honolulu City by seeing this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to embrace tsunami sandwiches.
It's very important that these tsunami flags, but people steal the batteries.
That's why you ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens go down to the damage.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they're snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, so organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we've done that for normal channels would have taken at least two years, and it's about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that even the moment has taken 2,000 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of governance.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a luck of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways of working, not like private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, in open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of addressing government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an annual institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Cockboat for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country who contributed to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if you leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DMV and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in words of Tim Orieb:``What we're doing together, because we just can't . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to rebuild it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government does.
And because the government at the last end of us -- remember that of``We, the village ,"the way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as many people thought that the government is in choosing people to take loads.
Well, after two years, I've reached the conclusion that the government is, most of all, architecture matter.
This is the center of services and information.
It's the place that you take calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott attracted this call.
I joined``Zarah"at the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . He started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, you can open the door doors, put music well and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the architectures.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, and web and mobile, called Citizen Connecticut.
We did not programming that app.
It was the work of very smart people at the New York Medical Office.
One day, this really happened, this question:``Zarrean in my junk cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it out? ''
Prince Connecticut's dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizen Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, a neighbor saw it.
The next report said,``I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Rara? Yes . I live? Yes.
I went home . I went home.
Good night, sweet arrested . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of governance as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technology technology.
I'm talking about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected them to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If you call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our entry in the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that waste that keeps us that we finance as something that operates against us, that other thing, and in consequence we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy to be sensible.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Apple movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we'll get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't go from government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to rethink the government function so that it can expand the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act extremely, there's only to articulate the systems in the right shape.
The average age of our members is 28 years, so I, to refrigeration, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who's going to talk; they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do.
So when you face the problem of government, you don't care a lot about making your voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make better government work.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrant, pulling weeds, making a garbage cube that has a architecture inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and many people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers, not only we are consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: We are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a voice crowd, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and listening to me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach you, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it's charitable, it can get much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in Virginia on 1875.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery made the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was little, and I looked at it, she approached me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came up and said,``Brian, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I told him I didn't, I would grab me again, and if I said yes, I left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture their time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and smiled it, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, through the room, took me out of my hand and said,``Come Brian . We're going to be able to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I will never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now sorry you won't ."I said,``Sure . ''
And then I sat down, and he said,``I want you to know that I've been watching you . ''
And I said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mom . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother . ''
Amy:``She's my slide, and you have to promise you always care . ''
Like I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
And then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right even though the right thing is . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a sister a year older and a single year younger.
When I had 14 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I pulled them out, grabbed us to my sister and me, and we went for the forest.
We're barely doing the crazy madness.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You're going on, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come to me today . And you always do the same thing as we do.
I've taken something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens to you?
He looked at me with force, and he went,``Ah, not you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mommy tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I stayed down.
I have to admit something before you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that's a virtue; I say it by the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't see meaning.
We cannot get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to engage.
Now, I'm going to try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much challenge, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three blacks between the 18, and the 30 years is in jail or in probation.
In urban communities from all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that's really much better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth that drives the results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the surface makes us believe that these aren't problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they're making you right forever if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote.
And if we project it up to the next 10 years, the loss of losses will be as removed as it was before they approved the law right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent kids.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you sit down to 13-year-old children to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we are in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crime of the crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the raw crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
Death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one has identified one that is innocent and liberated from the corridor of death.
A mass of error, amazing -- an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to never be allowed to plant airplanes if every nine you would go down, you would be able to star.
But in some ways we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time it started at the end of rebuilding and lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being launched.
I worried to be bombarded.
The threat threat was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, makes speeches . Give people who stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial diving and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like talking about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly created tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without the truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't.
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's good to listen to what you say . ''
Amy:``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We can naturally never have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said,``There's no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intelligence and deliberately, we would be able to execute people . ''
reflection about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany is going to run people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we actually don't care about these things that hard, the positive and wonderful things are, though, involved.
We love innovation.
It fascinated us technology . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are built by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginal.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We ultimately talk about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the devices, which will never get to TED.
To think about them is, in a way, something that's within our own being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are . Even though it's so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, creativity, development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from food as well by the conversation of the heart.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and dazzling, but also the dark and the difficult.
Valley Harvard, the great boy, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will to be in despair sites and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, must be engaged.
There's no related disconnect with technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't care about poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make an identity much more challenging than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it back.
I had the big privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Brian, it's the Parkinson lady . We're going to get together to speak.
You want to come and hear? ''
I said,``Yes, sir . I want to . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I went and just heard them.
It was something very, very light.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, the Mrs. Parks went to me and said,``Now, Brian, I'm just that idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started to give you my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the senses of life, without the freedom freedom for kids.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We tried to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave all my best speech, and when he ended up looking at me, he said,``Hmm Mmm Mmm . ''
And he said,``You'll end up, very exhausted . ''
At that time, the Mrs. Carter leaned up, he put her finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very but very brave . ''
I believe that the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to face those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a lie.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respect by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very glamorous, very exhilarating, we won't be judged by our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but because of the way they treat poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
In occasions, I feel imbalance . I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It's tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting very hard.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years, who have been used to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what it isn't?
The judge did it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a mucus.
I had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the mucus, with a discovery that said,``Michaela for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a privileged white aged 75 years old, executive of a corporation . ''
In the mucus, I started that there had been independent behavior in action, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking about that insects, would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it cut it, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months spent, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and very beautiful.
I finally went down from the car . I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a bigger black man; it was the council.
When I saw me, she approached me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you . lawyer?"I said yes.
So I got stuck and hug me.
And I whispered my ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I've got to tell you now that that was true.
That was deeply connected with my inner, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this husband . ''
And I said,``Yes, Mr. went ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came the cops, the advanced prosecutors, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of us were afraid, because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, he went to see the advice he went and came.
I looked out the window, and I'd hear all that scream.
I kept walking around here, and there.
Finally, this old black, with face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest of the cotton, he showed up, because the challenge had entered the room.
The assistant was released on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me, and he said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his sight in the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
We can't really be human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is bound to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to freedom, compassion and justice.
And above everything, those of the present who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that doesn't be a crash . What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities close.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reframetop this spring in which you're going to do an effort to reinvent the funds that are spent today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, a billion dollars on death penalty, over the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases don't conclude in arrest.
56 percent of rapes don't get nowhere.
Here's a change opportunity.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the U.S., in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
BC: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in massive incarceration in this country is not about violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increased in the carbon population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against the property, rather than making those resources back into their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for the death of bin Laden.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police dropped gas.
Announcer four: Cartoons fired . Voice 5: Moral cruise.
Announcer 6: Social decline . Voice 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: tsunami alert . Voice 9: cyberattacks.
Several molecules: War to Croatia . massive destruction . tornado.
Recession . Bats . Final judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could hardly be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that answers a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as we have nothing more important to survive, the first stop of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It's an organization, and I record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So of a dozen stories, we will prefer to look at the negatives.
That old thing from the press,``If there's blood, selling ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong.
But maybe not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we got distortion.
Perhaps the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing problems, and in the long, we end up with them.
Let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more doubling, the average income per capita has been tripled around the world.
infant mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, conditioning air and cars.
The manner's magnetic rubber, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supposed a lot of this is technology, and lately, their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance by about 12 months.
So the phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad time, in war and in peace, in recession, in depression and booming.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And even though it's embedded in a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster.
And in this curve, to holes from Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distributed personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanoparticles and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeopardy of Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline.
And I loved this:``Watson beat humans . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everybody on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sincreasteries University.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year, we asked them to launch a company, or a product or a service, which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single planet on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that up, and it's scarce.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon Three in 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Silicon.
The Napoleon troops ate with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the king of Simon, he ate with aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth gold and the platinum.
That's why the tip of the monuments to Washington is aluminum.
You see, even though the aluminum is 1.3 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metals.
It's tied by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was discarded.
We projection this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet based 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 80 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accident.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generated : 85 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents to be compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance.
Let's talk now about war wars.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture.
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by a 70 percent of water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought for 9.5 percent of the water on the planet, but there's a hope here.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanoparticles.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators in the bike -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do that -- his technology called Sunnico Maybe you know it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that will make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a full confidence that this will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of counting a smart phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of information and communications that no one might have predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of GPS dollars, video video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing came when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the County Foundation, something called the X Cameron Trick , 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has AI, they can pull off the finger.
To win, you have to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morbidity is 25 percent, and there's 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus from RNA, or DNA who doesn't recognize, call the heart of health and, in the first place, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increased.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the mark of 7 billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it's going to move from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds are never heard of the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What would you do? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will be healthier because of the Trialo, a better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three million more members of humanity, healthy and productive health?
What about a voices never heard before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they are contributions that we cannot predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Flock.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They've played this university teachers, each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a tremendous confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the birth of the broccoli.
We have the capital of the telephone.
And we have three billion minds of new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the running point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make a time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
Maybe they thought it's going to persist fish, but it wasn't.
It actually picks fish.
And he described one of them as``common . ''
It was the mere.
It took it a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and elsewhere, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrate another concept: the desperation of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded of palms, and, as you can see, some mangrove.
There were pilots of about 20 inches, the black beard space.
And the fish of this tilapia was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it won more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had declined in half.
They mature the five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of dragged fish in the Southeast Southeast.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, and I did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fish.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Multi-Pacifete Four.
I went out to fish on him, and we did studies in the South China Sea of the Middle China, and mostly in the Java of Java.
What we captured was something inexpensive.
We captured, now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we capture were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the covered, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you make a study, and then you start the commercial fish.
The background happens to be a solid coral fund, in this case, to be a lucia.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They dismissed them because they were dead.
Once we captured a alive.
I was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it doesn't have documented.
We transformed the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of departure, the new level, not remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, this happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, amount of colors, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extraordinary forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the sound of change.
And at the end of keeping some of the remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies killed animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before we get extinct, it's rare.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focused on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become rare because we fish them.
Over time, they have a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect it to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some present, like you capture that, and such fish in this area can't be used, or usually not use the scientists of fish, because it's not scientific.
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instructions, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be a marine protected area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
Let's take the past that people can't be able to conceive because the point of departure has gone up and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their signature point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema maybe can fill the void . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that nuances and toxins are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were engaged with the film -- whether you're talking about the story of Pandosteints why you're going to move with images?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, make``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alice, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos become viral and what matters have.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper narrative in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make you famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage gets viral, gets infinity of visitors and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, community skills and surprise factors.
Well, let's start.
Ben Vassette: Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow!
Ooh, wow!
KA: Last year, Ben Vail published this video film outside his house at the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity rise of past summer.
Ben doesn't be able to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Yosemite Mountain Ben.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy King.
Jimmy King published this tweet that drew the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy King presents us new and interesting things and turned them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Blair: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . Everybody wants me to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting the Friday . KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Rebellion Blair's``Friday"is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like``double rainbow double ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Toxe and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Museum Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter.
But the important thing is a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a viewpoint and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parody party on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the 20th century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon spreading it or doing something new with that.
\" Nicolo Catholic"is a repeat animation with an ordinary music.
That's how it's all.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was remix.
Somebody made a version to the old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community came up with a remix community that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all make.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who might have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted``Dr. rainbow"or Berthal Black or``Nike Catholic? ''
What did you guide might have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be turned out of the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the colors in New York City, I admit that I don't get too interested.
Casey Niconation: I was moved by not circuit, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by biochic.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and their humor, Casey Nicon managed five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is going on for all the new that we do creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Ben Vassette: What does this mean?
Ohlyn.
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new type of media, a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're hardly the media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life has been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Now, imagine as the companies enter Saint, facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain.
Words, for so long friends, now broke it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to shut up, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when it comes to the sea.
My mother, Mao, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone to a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was inconceivable for her who couldn't get it.
And after a four-year save that defies fiction, a boat went down to the desert sea of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a paradigm with poison.
If we were caught, we would first take it my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, it's provided by each wave, and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were hooked with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and not being able to fix for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, and the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were marching in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fordingoprate, a kind of worker that's working whose population is embedded.
Unlike the middle-class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Fordingoprate, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragmented English fragments were traded between the people who had a common thing: they were beginning again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree at IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, wouldn't matter what you should take out, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second old.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to ankle, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful about the eyes, and some graffiti:``Asia, come home . ''
A house, where?
Something on me went down.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get them up . ''
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard our grandmother's movements in the house.
My mother suffers nightmares, every boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, and then I studied to be a strategy and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and inflation, and the traumatized kids caught between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, and it was involved with what it demands from myself.
In the other, I was embedded in precious lives, tragically killed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyers, I got picked up the year Australia.
And I was photographic from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Le, American residents of Fordingoprate, it was now as well, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I'd never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to remove the routine and the comfort of life in an ignorant suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, getting over the day of each and walking asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she had the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``You don't know what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and desperation to marginalized and the desperately despedited.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was involved to speak.
I met people from all the roads in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of possible.
And although I ended up my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a new arrived, new in the scene -- and not only that it's OK, but it's something that is grateful, maybe a ship.
Because being inside can easily be able to be able to choose the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets apart, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that had not been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, an optimistic optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the slogan``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, it made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until well in the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
After one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when conflicts was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person that mattered.
Life had not changed by centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a grant of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
Without his husband, he caused a return to sue it and taking the cause herself, and much more revealed when I won.
He can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the camera of the shower, and I saw her stop on the other side.
I knew that I had come to stand up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fordingoprad, and we sat around her title.
We told him stories, and we make sure that we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monkey,``Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
Do not have it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life came to us, we can now see that men who have reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily been.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about ship.
Who might wish that for me?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in their lives, diving up into every wave, the makeshift rhythms of the engine, the vast horizon that wouldn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them safe, I would.
Trade Nelson, and also the mother of so much here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Karajan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the starry sky, with the singing Sufi Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of old Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel, we jumped out a car and we climbed the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I went, the great Indian warrior, I had a silk, and he took a bow and with a street to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with tattoos and machines.
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating an altar if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver silver.
And this 50 year-old technology was for me the most magical thing.
It became a double door to a world full of images and pirates and nanoparticles in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
Bring our inspiration.
So I fell down, I took this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrate books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device that is able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we took the book.
Where we are.
Let me bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes more and more multidisciplinary.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khalida, an interactive app for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- say,``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In a number of moments, it gets a car -- the iPad knows where I live by the GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, those ideas that we've opened.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar was always passionate.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they illuminate your path in what remains the book.
Another idea that fascinated me about child was that a whole galaxy is going on in a block.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a block that I dragged into this magical device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the fantasy books, there's always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, female and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary time.
These are the applications here.
We've all heard about the fairies and the ninja, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the applications?
These poor spaces have been caught in the Indra cameras for millennia, in an old, moist book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, they've been beaten to their PC, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, ladies and shells.
For some reason, kids don't.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A child from London puts a picture of a zoo and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child from India says,``I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taken.
Inside the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're trying to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video turned on and on, you see a group of anti-professors that appear over the inner plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and fold them so you can read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology and technology.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects failed.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to give a conductor of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients, family and known: What happens?
\" How can we help it?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects failed, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi muscle . It's very simple.
It has a period of fire.
Every morning, I go up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connected, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which it needs cardiac assistance or some urgency from that style, but looking back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning, I connect to my Wi-Fi formula, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: I think today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of partners used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some real activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little manuscript connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients assume a position, they're going to recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the costs of medicine, the doubling and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Masha.
So, where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where's the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but no one knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we did the corner in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience that: If you see a DNA, please show you, you give them where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these EEG.
And every time you're in the city of Mauritius and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell to find the nearest EEG, what can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this, not only like DNA Four, which is the name of the product, but also like SABC.
And we wanted to start the global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA Crancer around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapse, you can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that they could help us value.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please join us and not only improve health, but taking control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it a photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my previous passion for drawing, but it was a little different because when I used the camera, the camera was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me, the photograph had more to see to be in the right place, at the time.
It seemed like anybody could do that.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
photos like this: a construction in a very transformative road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful, but with the common objective of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say really, I say photographic.
Because of course, it's not something that can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to be able to capture an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Did light intervene?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality that we took different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, which we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we get into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when we combine photographs.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think that's those where we don't even think -- things around us in our everyday life.
But when we combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images, they have these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal person, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it takes a lot of planning.
And as this idea I thought, I knew that I had a number of months to plant it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
coastline is a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pit.
And yes, I even made the house at the top of the island to be more Sweden.
So to make a realistic result, I think it makes planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm going to start a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general aspects.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as many of us that we used to see, is sort of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale scale.
Speaking about synthetic curves is a new thing.
Here's something bizarre happening.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
I would need more intensity because I would write about paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to plot, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It does not say a lot.
But if I plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a psychiatric curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gets a qualitative change.
If the technology technology will move as fast as the microprocessors, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move at that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of technology development of a refugee growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things happen.
Or it will become a typical curve, I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this happen.
So we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, a new form.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that we adopt the world?
What new state is the world run?
Transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future was going on in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's going to be so different that extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The scale of time I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 million years when Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If you look at the way that chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, he had floating an oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them gain materials from the outside and so on.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divided it into an unequal distribution of chemicals that are contained.
So every slide was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow became better at time to incorporate chemical chemicals, they grow more, they increased more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand very well these shots learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this very meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every single living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide to the security people.
But it goes on -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for every present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was an element, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and attacked them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that are being formed, in a way, and they were together in that -- and they established a synergies.
And so, they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community became more and affected by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they joined and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many kinds of different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't make information in community.
It's the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the structures that are responsible to record, understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time period.
So, an organism could, for example, learn to not eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong, and the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these structures of information that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those structures of information to increase the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time, necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few degrees, and hopefully, building a similar, vague and confusing idea in their heads that kept a certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated, we turned it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produced something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we went through periods similar to multicellular organisms; we open our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CDH, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information.
And that confers us to something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Titan in which I produced a certain evolution with the Common program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
Next, language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess authoritarianism is the right word to name something that accelerates their own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we observed in this curve explosion.
We see that the process is feedback.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know the mechanisms that jobs to design them were not possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me to design them differently.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thailing males, we thought a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with it does something that you couldn't do before, it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions at random?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, execute all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, ordinary numbers, so none of them did.
But one, fortunately, could rise two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you did the task?
We run those and remove the rest.
And now we're going to replicate the numbers that best.
And we're going back to reproduce them following a process of reconciling analog to sex . ''
So let's take two programs, which are changing kids, which exchange businesses, and that kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
California again.
Some mutations involved.
And I try again and repeated with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But you get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of thousands of programs.
In fact, their lives rely on making it.
I was once going in a 747 with Martin Minister and he takes a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes well.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so I can execute these programs much faster.
So it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're catching.
And we are at an analog moment to the universal organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba, and we cannot understand what we are creating.
We're at the inflection point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of what is that it comes.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think stop here before you get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been able to have enough time to allow me to get part of my false bias on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series is approaching.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out``Removing the rules"-- talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope a lot of you know it.
It's called battery.
And we talked about 300, a battle that draws 300.
That means that the battle is effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being caught, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300 boat in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a 400 baseball bat?
By the way, that's someone who's 10 hits, up four.
Legal -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Big League Act to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose that you have appendia, and they're dedicated to a surgeon who has a $400 record.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved one has two Brazilian arteries, and their family doctor is brought down to a cardiologist whose record is 200.
But you know something?
She's improving this year.
They have been 25.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic, a nurse or a cognitive observer?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the thing is that nobody in all medicine knows the arteries of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is send to the world, and it included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, ate a mistake and a chance to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood exam.
Like.
I studied in my little slide, in the nurses of the General Hospital nurse, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the digital digital diagnosis and the usual.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tissue.
And as long as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And you get out of medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I'm immune from the mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Mr. Group.
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto when they brought the Lord Mr. into the emergency service where I worked.
At the time I got to the heart service.
And when emergency requested, I was able to go to that patient.
It will inform the head of residents.
When I saw the lady Mr. Meghanny, I was running.
I heard a resolution sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a sound sound in both sides, which gave me a freezing heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did, and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him aspirin and medication to ease pressure in his heart.
He gave him diagrams, water pills, so I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I ate the first mistake; he sent her home.
I really made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't get the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and talk to him for her to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to bring complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, which I could care about my patients without even touching my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . You don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Merkel,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be OK . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed the high, and the ambulance together with the paradoxics took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my work.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I don't normally do.
It went through the way emergency service.
And there's another nurse, not the person who's taking of the Mr. Drug before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency physicians fear.
Other specialists fear it as well, but there's an emergency particular, and it's that we see the patients progressively.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same tone tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the brink of death.
At the time of an hour of having reached her house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 911; the paradigms brought them into emergencies with an artistic pressure from 50 centimeters of H, which means a severe shock.
It's barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medication to go up the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breathing.
I was stuck and rocked up to the marrow.
He had a mixture of feelings, because after the stabilize was on intensive therapy, and he hoped against all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was going on.
And at the ninth day, they let it go . Mrs. Guardia, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that you never forget the names of what they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I got married by that, and I experienced for the first time the bad shame that exists in our medical culture, and I sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the parents and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is what makes us feel very poorly.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I went through the things, and I make sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking me those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I eat a mistake so dumb?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly, that feeling was disciplined.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and eventually came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if you were to relax the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And that was.
I went back to work.
But it went back.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north in Toronto, and I got a 25 years with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little colored.
He wrote it penicillin and sent it home.
But as he runs the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guardian change, my boss asked me to talk to me about his office.
And I had the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient he saw for a pain in the throat?
So he came back and didn't have a statistical farmer.
It had a potentially deadly approach called Explicit.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but the top air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't.
It was released antibiotics, and it recovered the few days.
And through the same period of shame and repair, then he relieved me and came back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Twice in the same piece of urgency, not disciplinary.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a range of kidneys, but it turned normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diarrhea.
I read liquid to refuse, and I asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it, and when I noticed a certain sensitivity in the lower right, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated and they were recovered well.
But every case, I got stuck.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beach.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
Only, ashamed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them to do the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I wouldn't have any idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't listen to someone talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew, and my colleagues also, that a traumatized in my hospital had the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of errors.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones who have optimal results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who commit errors, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, on top of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal bad medical professor and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program:``White Coke, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that the mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or the disposal is not right . In a system where irrestened infections are increasingly, and more numerous, making chaos and death.
In this country , 25,000 Canadian phone mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about raw understatement, because we're not discovering the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The privacy of sleep is going on.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, come crazy with bright eyes, and with alcohol to alcohol, and suddenly my story is applied.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars, they don't relate to their symptoms as well.
For all this, the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as we were taught, and we eliminate all of the professional people in error, well, no one's going to stay.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``White Delta, black art ,"it's a a custom saying,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery,``This is my worst ,"blah, blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And he's going to
And their students will stop, they would go back, they would go down their head and they would go wild and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say,``Look, don't eat the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do that.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't get away from their mistakes, but you strive to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and supportive way for everybody to benefit.
And it works on a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system, and when this happens, they eat mistakes every once.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I am human, I commit mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we took one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey of over 2,000 people, and the average number of choices that say to pick up a middle American, it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research for a week to a profit of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are affected by these executives and the time they used to make a decision to make these tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of disciplines.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of a time?
How do you heat the way that you make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current today: choice in options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'll ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your response is positive please give you a pat.
And now my first question of day: Are you ready to hear the problem of options of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it was often this supermarket, very, very high, at least at least at least at least.
His name was dramatic.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of a embrace water, and this was when we took the gray water.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion I asked, why never buy anything?
This is the shelf of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on the sealed box that come from trees.
I decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy work to offer all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the streams.
Salamander.
They had 138 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right at the input of the store.
We put out there slowed out of six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case people were willing to stop to try to test?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a stop.
Here we find the opposite effect.
What they stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy metal.
Of those who stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought stream.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy stream if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it probably makes us, at least it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choices is affecting us in good decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't make us.
Now the issue of day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with guru Huscard, I'd look at Ramoria and Weingo Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about one million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in retirement plans, the 404 program, developed people to save the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 657 plans that were going from two, to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that on the plans that are offered two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted.
And on the plans that they offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation came to the 1960s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger was the number of options, the more people were involved by avoiding actions or investment funds.
In how much more options were, they were more willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the past decade, we've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you make the decision, that the app even when this is going against the self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and in health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're objectively going better.
The main reason is that we're going to be able to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard, vinegar and stream, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've been taught, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Cortex.
They've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always upset when I say,``Cut . ''
They worry about losing space in the basement.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of H & quot 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Goldman Catern remove products for cats that are less sold, the uses increased in 87 percent, by two causes: higher sales and fewer costs.
You know, the supermarkets today, on average, is 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest stores in the current world is Alice, and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Labs, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are overwhelmed automatically to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask the employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot make it their clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking with Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience, a lot of vacation with the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the photograph of Gary.
( Some applause) Okay . Anyone who's ready to accept the offer.
Don't it be more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I was really going to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, that in the second one, but I can go ahead and say that the second time it was more real.
Because the images were doing more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of options, which is concrete.
So people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and the consequences have to feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, than when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people saving more.
We did a study with Shoo Benjamin and Ashma Prevention, on the staff of functional innovation people who worked in the English, and these people were in a meeting where they were clinging to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, we did exactly how it was used, we did a little addition.
What we added was that we had the staff that they thought about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this number, there was an increase in the opening of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put into their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is classification.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets, it's throughout the North corridor, the magazines display can contain from 23 different types up to 64.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to define them.
These are two jewelry.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Swiss . ''
If you think the one on the left is Sydney, and the one on the right is jazz, you give a pat.
( Applause ends) Well, there are some.
If you think that the one on the left is jazz, the one on the right is Sydney, give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out that it's right.
The one on the left is jazz, the one on the right is Swiss, but, you know?
This classification scheme is completely useless.
categories have to indicate something to whom choose, not to define them.
And you often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
I suspect who they're informing?
My fourth category: Condition.
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision; it's a car buy.
This is a German Canada manufacturer that allows you to customize it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that each one.
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few options, four boxes , 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
So how involved you are.
If you're always active in your decision button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or whether you're losing them.
We found that the ones who are going from many options to few choices, we find the button by defective over and over again, and another one.
We lost them.
If you go from few options to many, they continue.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, you don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, so we're ready to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now is more tied with the process.
So to sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choices of choices: cutting, eliminate strange alternatives -- concrete, making it real, Clarition, we can handle more categories, to condition complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help handle the alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the East Germany Germany, if you had a typewriter, you had to register it to the government.
You had to record a piece of text of example written with the machine.
And this is so that government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think that someone could do this, how much this limits freedom.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer, and you print a page, that page will end up having some yellow pollinators on every page that you get a pattern that makes them themselves and your printer.
That's going on today.
And no one seems to get a lot for this.
This is an example of ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can ruin the attacks on their attacker.
There are three main groups.
They are cyberspaces.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golbre from the city of Kiev in Ukraine.
The celebrity of cyber is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, lots of people.
There are really many cases of online millions online, billionaire, they won money with their attacks.
This is Larry TaskRambian, from Istanbul, Estonia.
This is Alfred George.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bert Sunsagent.
These are Matthew Anderson, Thailand Japanese, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal means through banking suits to steal money from our accounts when we bought online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain walks up; his stop.
And I say today, it's more likely than any of us is a victim of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attackers in importance that we observe today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have discarded over the last 12 months occupying a role on the online attacks.
Those are the three main bombers: the criminals that do it for money, the skills like Anonymous who do that to protest and the last group are the national states that attacked.
And then we see cases like Dignitting.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Dignitte is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
declared the last fall because of a sabbatical.
They had the security of the site and they celebrated a cyber.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found a death of people because of the attack to Dignitting.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Dignity is a central authority.
They sell certificate.
Why do you serve the certificate?
Well, you need if you have a website with spaces, services, Silicon services, services like Gmail.
Except that they interact a foreign creature authority.
And they eat astronomers.
And in the case of Einstein happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the silk of the Egyptian secret police in April 2013, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this folder titled``FDA . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a sent company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to impact the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 800,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company silk is right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, only a couple weeks ago was found the Scottish throne -- a train used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is embedded.
But today it goes beyond.
It's built online connection.
They're going to use tools like the Scottish throne to infect our computer with a train to allow them to see all communication, and listen to the discussion online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious response should be``Well, it seems bad, but I really don't affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're doing today, will be forever.
Do we rely blindly in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi.
Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like babies migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They killed our livestock.
This is one that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we believe that we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to protect them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hated a lot to lions.
Bats are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they killed lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think for this, there's so few at Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from the age six to nine years, is responsible for their father's livestock, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that lions were afraid.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve, because I even helped lions see the state of far.
I did not go . I did.
A second idea was to use a sandwich.
I was trying to trick lions to believe that it was near the state.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the shoes, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the stage with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to see and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
It's true everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little straight box . I call it a transformation.
And the individual box makes light disappear.
As you can see, the light bulbs go out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how lions see when they come from night.
Light lights and deceive lions to think that I'm walking through the shelf, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and I asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopard, and it's also being used to spread elephants from farms.
And because of this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of Kenya schools, Brook International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a child in the meadow of the savanna with my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he said that someday I would be inside one.
And today I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Chris wave . What I mean in my tongue, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA: A close electric?
RL: I know you already invented the electrical fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: You've tried it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a calm . CA: At the end of the singing . Richard Turing, you're big.
We're going to animate in every single step that you, my friend.
Thank you very much . DK: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``No envy . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Indus history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is enemies.
And I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I myself had never spent hunger.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
It said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are recovered together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
When I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face unable to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned to care themselves and their families.
A huge famine open to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million Koreans killed during famine and only few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me in the night except the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us not.
This is a satellite photograph from North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Armbar River, which is a boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angular at certain points, enabling Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that for the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
China, it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be like normal refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and they were interested in the police station.
Someone had been accused by being normal, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and deformed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and told the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an official told another,``This was a fake report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and department.
These women were very lucky.
Although they've captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans weren't lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and deformed to North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or published.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everything can be taken in a instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Setting in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
Even through an identity crisis.
Am I a brutal or a normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Although I'd adapt to life in South Korea wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the University exam.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alarming.
The North Korea authorities were involved in the money that I sent to my family, and as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force of a distant location.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I love the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some way, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by an official of Chinese police.
He asked everybody's identification, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was imagining my family, and I said that they were dead people who was committing.
I looked at me, but fortunately I thought.
We did all the way down to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and harnessed by crossing the illegally border.
After I paid out and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Lagos.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in the distance of the South Korea Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or worth.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and certainly, the man went to the automatic box and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank you with my whole heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the normal village . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown love symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the ray of hope that the Norwegian people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Central Center: light stores, fast food, balls.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if it would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles, light stores, fast food, balls.
Like 21 million other Americans, alive in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to bring more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curved diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as cars used.
I look at dialogue centers, like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also fell to handle 45 minutes of anger and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was I plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a standard of land that we call a gardening.
It's 45 feet three.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what come up with me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, together, and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complex vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a group paid by the dead compound of all the procedures, all over the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came on top of me, and in summary, they gave me a circuit saying that I had to remove my garden, the ritual became a court.
And I said,``Go, really?
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that no matter?"So, I was like,``Well, take it out . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A Times had the story written by Steve Loyel, and I talked to the competition and one of the members of Green Grove, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 firms, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My competition even called to say that they were back and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A is the U.S. city with more balls.
It's got 68 miles of balloted terrain.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 75 million tomato plants.
Why doesn't you look good at this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured for me for others, and I'll make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Like a graffiti artist, which is the walls, I would start soils, gardening.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my job of that canvas.
They'd be surprised to see what the land can do, if they let it be their canvas.
You can't just imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became an education tool, transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They'd be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do, especially in an urban.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and her daughter, they were like the 1930s of the night and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very passionate.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear that people will steal your food? ''
So what I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid that you're going to steal it . ''
So that's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a standing shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, they helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared me about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and Grandma, and it was fabulous to see how this changed, this is just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, as about 50 people who come, work and participate, all of us in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes, but if none of these are taught, if you don't teach them how the food affects your mind and your body, they eat blind what they're going to put them in front of.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're caught . I see kids of color that are on this path designed for them, that doesn't bring them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
The next George Washington Carbone.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to replace it.
What I'm talking about is to put people working, to take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and honor to cultivate their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become emotional, biometerial, gentleman gardens.
We have to change the guide of what a germ is.
If you're not a gardening, you're not a germ.
The limbs take their agreement.
That's their weapon of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see you, come to the garden with your palm so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Marketing sound) (Microsoft noises) ) You'll probably everybody agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you do.
And especially if you go in your bike, and these cars go on, that's not very pleasant.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we built roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we wanted a silent road.
The solution for that is to make portal asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rain water flow down to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't blow water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid.
What is it going to go up? You see that in this road, the stone stones go out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that . But they can damage their windshield, and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Bach, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
You can really see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a small amount of tape between the stones.
Because of the environment, the ultraviolet light, the oxidation, this adult, this button, the glue between the rivers, will rise, and if you get together, you'll get microprocessors and you will separate from the added.
So, if you drive through the road, you'll get the added -- like we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of surroundings.
If we can make this material go out, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is you can use steel wool, that to clean up Tuesday, and we can cut the steel line into very small chunks, and we can mix those little pieces with the button.
So we have a asphalt with little pieces of steel on it.
And then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an identity machine.
Information can heat, especially the steel, it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button will flow through these microprocessors and the stones will look back to the surface.
I used a microwave oven today, because I can't bring the big data machine here onstage.
Microscope oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the AIDS highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them then with our identity machine and repair them and try and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy for, actually, increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface . It really will be saved with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this worked also.
We still have this show here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show the repair.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woke up one morning with the sound of the court in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" Taliban were!"`` The Taliban went out . ''
I didn't know what meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning to never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were going to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to choose my oldest sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate.
Every day, we had a different route so nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags to seem like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban was suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total increase of a remote province from Afghanistan . I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated it.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It's two years ago, only to become our home school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his whole family to get education.
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education, even their daughters, despite Taliban, despite risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not education their children.
For the years of Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hmm, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, you will.
So, don't you want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the school, and if my family wouldn't have been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I'm here proud to graduate at Mediteria College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was removed from his home to educate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not only being pulled out of my university title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I carry it down by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1985, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded Sylvia, the first one, maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, they lawyers for them, to weigh and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
It's less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the path from solemn to his village, and literally, they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road, by minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warning her that if he kept sending her daughter to school, they would go back to try.
\" Let me already, if you want ,"he said,``I'm not going to harm the future of my daughter by your old and twisted ideas . ''
What I've realized of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who succeed, there's a parent who recognized the value of their daughter and see that the success of her success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling intersections of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school are hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the return of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and parents who are advocating for them, that animals, I see a future promise and a durable change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day the Golden girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten my grandmother's words who died in exile,``daughter, resist Gaddafi . Fight against him.
But you never become a Gaza Revolution . ''
They've been almost two years since this is the living revolution inspired by the surge of massive mobilization as much from the Tunisian Revolution.
A force with many other citizens, within and out of the country to call a front day and start a revolution against the tourist regime of Gaddafi.
And we did -- it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, taking the fall of the regime, carrying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to explore the brutal dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Eventually, after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a burden, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and stream seeds.
For four decades, the tourist regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the library society.
awareness of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, together to many other women, rebuild civil society society, providing an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was about 200 organizations in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triall.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women, we founded the Platorial Women's platforms of Peace, a women's movement, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the political autonomy of women and our rights of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the properly period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moving from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 73 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit, the elation of choice and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day I fell with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the seizure attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the ocean's official murder.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the militia and their continuous violations of the human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect from the law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is involved more, and it has gone from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the revolution of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the success of``crisis"and the choices.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose badly, we made the wrong decision.
We do not prioritize well.
Because choices didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The crime list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society continue to be polarized and dominated with selfish policies and exclusion, both by men and women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus creation more than the choices needed, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine most than needing the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not only honor, but it also puts the mercy in practice instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that's about desertification and disruption between female perspectives and male materials.
That's the real skull.
We need to set up that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a version of the``Salaam"-- peace --``is the word of Missist God,``rational, compassion . ''
At the same time, the word``race ,"which is known in all the Brazilian traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``race"--``uterus"-- symbolishing the feminine and material, which embraces all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the towns have been made.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows within, the divine matrix of compassion nutrients all existence.
That's how you say,``My mercy is going to run all the things . ''
That's how we say,``My mercy prevents about my anger . ''
That all of them are told by the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an awkward question, which has an equally unsaligial response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody's doing: Why does she stay?
Why would anybody stay with a man who sticks her?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I just got rid of Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Seventh magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green green device, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I took my head with a gun, loaded with straight bullets.
The man, that I loved more than no one in this world, put a gun in my head and threats to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, spread of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am an English University of Harvard University, and I have an MBA at the Washington Business School.
I've spent most of my career working on the list of``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burner and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three kids.
My dog is a black lab, and I drive a minimum Hong Odone.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all races, all religions, all levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long-term relationships, or, in another way, in the families, the last place where we would want or hope to find violence; the reason why, domestic abuse turns out so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who sticks her, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States women who are 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for mates, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo on a cold and rain night.
I was sitting next to me on the subway of New York, and he began to structure me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had to get rid of a university of the Iran Legend, and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a boy of the countryside.
I had a big mountain like apples, and a wheat robot hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it above the beginning putting on a pedestal.
We started walking out, and I loved everything of me: that it was ready, I'd gone to Harvard, and I put passion to help adolescents, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo creates in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, who was entering a head on a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacted.
And here's where you go into the scene.
In how much we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to be so safe to buy three guns.
One was in the garage of the car.
Another one kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in their pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that I lived.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those gun gun was actually a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was serial, every minute.
The first physicist of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was the 7 in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend from my mother and married me.
Even though what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted me too much.
And I was very, very regret.
It just became very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never hurt me.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach, and I lost, and he gave me so strong in my head that I had a lot of times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, I joined the traffic, and I'll give you a cold Mac Mac.
I kept getting one or twice a week over the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of the three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Centers of Control disease is that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why was I?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deeply standing man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their demons.
The other question that everybody does is: Why doesn't it just be launched?
Why didn't I go? I could get at any time.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we victims, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has been able to end the relationship, after getting left, because then the ambulance has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the abuse has gone back to married, density of financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not suspended with the man who kept their mother.
And we still wondered why doesn't it just go?
I was able to go, because of a last palm sponge that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone the world: police, my neighbors, my friends and family, completely unknown, and I'm here today because all of you.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as independent headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours for staying ,"as if the victims we choose intentionally love men who want to destroy.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and they refuse their lives, joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
And I went back to married with a young and loving man, and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and also that migration.
What I won't have ever had anymore, ever, is a cut gun pointing my head in the hands of someone who says I want me.
At this point, they're thinking,``Hi, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what dumb was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people that are listening to me right now, who are being battered, or that they were a little bit or that they're abused.
Malaria could be affecting their daughter, their sister, their best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply pulling light on it.
We victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
You take the malaria out of the light talking about it with your children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
Ask their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe exit.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call myself Cameron Russell, and for a long time, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this time, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't be dressed like this . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it appeared, they don't have to leave it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater by the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this photograph.
The appearance is powerful, but also superficial.
I've changed what you thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me to draw the back, and I would get the head of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial dividend like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspects, which, although superficial and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be brave to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing, but in a sense.
The first question is, how does it become a model?
And I always say,``A disease found me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason why I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we've defined beauty as health, juvenile and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated it to a high and elegant shape, to feminism and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage that I've known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now displayed skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There are Naomi, Tyrone, Joan Smiths, Liu Wenz.
First of all, the happy for knowing both models . It's amazing.
But I often have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told all of the models in the runway, and from the 787 models hired, only 27, that is, less than four, they weren't white.
The next question that people are always doing is: Could it be a model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then what really would say to each one of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja and poet circuit surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If you after this spectacular list, still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the reduction boss of the American Voice magazine or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven Mediter.
To say, most you want to be a model like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to show everything that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiovascular surgery, it can be solved right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no longer matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said,``It model inside for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos are removed.
And yes, they basically get together all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a child.
So I read my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two photos are from the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a package party a few days before the photos for the French volume.
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine.
And this is me in the current.
And I hope you realize that it's not me in those pictures.
They're a creation of a group of professionals, wig, makeup, photographers and statistics, and all their customs and people and population, and they managed to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is: Do you get free things?
I have too much 20 inches, and I never use, except the stop stop, but the privilege that I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was teenagers, I was traveling with my friend who was a conductor; it was jumped in red, and, of course, we were stopped, and I'm sorry, agents to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for my appearance, not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of 140 teenagers to the ones who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't a question of me to stop?
And when?
When I research for this talk, I found that 55 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin, you have the most bright hair, you feel very happy and cool.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say before cameras, what I've never said about them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my appearance every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most bright hair, will it be happier?
They only have to go together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most bright hair and clothes, but it's probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But most of all, it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to remove from this talk, I hope that they all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who brought them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most people took tourists at random.
My story begins when, meeting in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what's coming now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Skype to New York on a peaceful journey and continue the ritual?
This is when we started to ask tourists that were going to get us the photo.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a whole unknown is so universal.
No one has never been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever heard of the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter, which had happened that a five-year-old child could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we're always taking the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter takes new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how it feels and interacting with everything.
That time in concrete that we pass together is something we expect with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, walking, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed a red touch from the wrist store that I had a little in previous visitors.
And I described what had felt at five years at the same place.
I started to remember his heart with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we created are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the familiar photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the photo, and they don't doubt to get to someone and ask them, is it a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Business is in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do you have such a bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter as characters, silly, stupid, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, you've been going on, and you've been tracking these things that associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But it doesn't accept it.
Don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of parliament don't keep the environment clean . They don't help prevent disease spread.
It's difficult . They're far away from getting extinct . And, my favorite, the divers have better presence . There are two kinds of dives on this planet.
There's the New World's rules that are mainly found in the Americas, like the drivers and the snail, and the businesses of the Old World, where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the divers important? First, they provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
wipe the walls up to the bone.
They help us kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them and cause large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bus, the carcasses take three to four times longer to decay, and this has huge ramifications in disease spread.
Bats also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the former Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protective and the maternity, and together with the copper, they symbolizes the unit between the Alto and the Netherlands.
In the Indian mythology, Jarrett was the god burning, and he risked his life to save the dead Silicon goddess of 10 heads.
In the Tibetan culture, there are a lot of very important ones to open sky, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or a wood to create them, so these tribes provide natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the bus?
We have eight species of bus in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and failure . The seasonal communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the divers are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickinson.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there's no bus, there's been a spread in the number of hot dogs in the dead of the carcasses, and when you have the street dogs, you have a huge range of time for rage . The number of rage cases has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 airplanes are going to be up from Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them for half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible business trade to serve the barrier and the fictional market.
So what's it doing? Okay, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bus, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures, donate their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll be informed about the bus, but you talk to their families, with your children, with your neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much poorer without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, to 1977, you're young, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we built in Africa failed.
And I was preferenced.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we were touching we annihilated.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Gabby waves ,"was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Zambin River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and warms, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't act . We were amazed that local local people, in so fragile, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God that we're here ."`` Right in order to save the people from Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the subjects,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight to the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the hell,``Oh my God, the mortgage! ''
And the weapons said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You I never asked . ''
I thought that only we Italians ate errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the English were doing, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the mortgage.
They should see the waste -- they should see the waste that we beat people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Help Dead"by glamorous Mount, the weak economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We have Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about damage that that money has caused.
They just read their book.
Long of an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colony missionaries, and we treat people only in two ways: or patterns, or we are patriarchilities.
The two words come from the Latin root, which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patrioting, I treat any different culture as if they were my kids .``I want a lot . ''
sponsors, I treat every single culture of a different culture as if they were my survivors.
So the white in Africa are called``Bangladesh", boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schumann, who said to all about economic development, if people don't want to be helped, they're taken out.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can we be -- can you imagine a city that doesn't be neutral? ''
I decided at the age of 27 just to respond to people, and I invented a system called From Food, where you don't start anything, you're never motivating anybody, but it becomes a survivor of local passion, the survivor of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's shut.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of morality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe . We gathered in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give it an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once to get to a community to tell people what to do, why not, by once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity has identified.
So the planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the family family physician, the business family, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in coffee, and it helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in hopes, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to move away from this conference that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in a march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do that?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I shut it up, and I heard it ."So, the government says,``Hey, I'm going to get it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dr., one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed the 96, a few years ago.
Peter Buchwald was a philosophy professor before we get involved in business, and this is what Peter Dr. says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
planning is the death kiss of entrepreneurship.
So now you're rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer comfort, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will be able to go in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community from 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you've been doing more this morning?
Paradigmant local people . That's what you've applaud.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fossil revolution, not renewable, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
It's the way that a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, we went, we educate, we train, we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution? Universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
They're going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's a nice story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1960.
And in 1960, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was together: New York City won't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring into the population of New York to the surroundings, they require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses.
They were already leaning in manure . So, in 1960, they were dividing this dirty technology that would be going to be the life of New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up with 1,000 automotive manufacturing companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, shortcuts, factories in places.
Death, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer it trustworthiness.
Otherwise, they won't come to a conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer an absolute, dedicated, exciting service.
And unfortunately, you will have to tell you the truth with the truth.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things that are magnificent: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell a lovely financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look at money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None was initiated by one person.
\" I ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of little businesses sitting in cafes, in bars next to their comrades who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who's going to ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? You can do it?
OK, so you can sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` I'd like you to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
They can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authorities, templates and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we go and ask more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to empty shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadow to love and drunk and dreamer for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans, and the city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties from America.
I live near this house and thought how I could turn it into a wider space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced a deep gratitude for life.
It gave the significant things in my current life.
But I'm joking to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the aid of old and new friends, they transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard and painted about it to complete,``Before I die . ''
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept going.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit into the line of date change . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was constructive, and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh, and they dragged me, and they gave me comfort in difficult times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and streams, it's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us to grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit, and now they have walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distraction in increased, it's more important than ever, finding ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid, or even think, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that confers us more power.
Think about climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
And it's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it's going to make a joy better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
It's completely sharing what happens.
It's not adult . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it must be unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It takes the most important memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but remember the year I went out every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four, I hit my arm during the first episode of the telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of normal society, they are often ignored and incomprehensible.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it's manipulated in a different way, from there that Rome is so different to Sam.
And around the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and although it's one of the developmental disorders that are faster increases in the world, there's no known cause.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months spent, I realized that he was different.
I yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I went alive and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in line around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that there would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond borders, frustration and international hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where they wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that it wouldn't want to change by normal.
Now, normal passes the beauty that makes us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could convey one single thing to Rome and to Sam and you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Each of us has a gift in its inner, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit, which must have been Alice in the World Coast.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . I was scared of truth . scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when he fell the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And so I just sat down when I had those conversations with students, and they surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world also.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, each other, and if we don't know this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please talk to them.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do that to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just to study the jobs, but they study the jobs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"that it's much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as silly.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without committing the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're ways to deceive and engage with their content.
And when you present their work, you forget the``bullet"signs.
They've wondered why they're called``bullets ,"what do the bullets do? killed, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain, and we're overwhelmed.
Instead, this film of General Brown is much more effective, and it shows that the special structure of jobs is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, general phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then to provide graphs that embrace our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described.
I think these are just some key that can help the others open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, all the media, you're talking about . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire English Dictionary is``so sanitation . ''
Because it sounds very well.
And``synagogue"means``dishonest politics . ''
Even though there was a periodic editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A sandwich"is what you're looking for a public burden, no match, platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it by the mere use of a restore . ''
I have no idea what it means``respecting . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1775 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who faced Parliament.
They put him in the London Tower and they locked it up, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had a popular support in London that won.
And only a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase,``This balloon ,"`` strong like metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a freedom of the freedom of speech.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want them back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debating in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that might have frustrated.
Some people wanted to call it``Jefferson of State Washington ,"and others,``His Alexander George Washington ,"and other``Department of U.S. liberties . Washington . ''
Not very backward.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was about quality.
And not even with it they were mountaintops, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And I could have served.
Everybody fell immediately, because this debate was projected for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor senator, and I always wrote,``still with this issue . ''
What caused the portrait and the fact was that the representatives chamber was against the Senate.
The representatives chamber didn't want Washington to embrace power.
They didn't want to call it King by if he was able to give him to him or their own ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more incredibly, more standing degree that came up with them.
And that title was``president . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was no time before, but it only meant``someone who presents a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more greatist than the term``foreman"or``supervisor . ''
There were central presidents of small colonial tools and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate sank.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call President . ''
\" This guy has to sign up and gather with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will take seriously with a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as American president? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't go.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, , and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been fundamentally reflected.
President Barack Obama is lucky to go there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- it's possible that we keep expecting 223 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story has led to the title of gratification.
So at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other state of the Senate, the sense of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity at the time.
But, you know how many nations are now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the representatives chamber, because no longer is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're the U.S. president now.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, it's a lot more more than the words that what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust and it's difficult to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that catch of both of those strands and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I took a cheap light of the ink light with the head with this orange elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the earth.
It broke my hand, and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell in the subway meters in the manhole.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risk their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people that I met there I met a French integration, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not at such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was very excited to ignore this atrocities of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a knot the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of France, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I'm going to ventilate the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people silent in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the treatment of artificial slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about $50,000 today.
However, today you can be applied to entire families per generation per 100-year supplier.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than $13 million a year around the world.
A lot of people have been fooled with false education of good education and better work for then to discover that they're forced to work without paying, under violence, and they can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but they produce them are discarded.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the holes of brick.
This bizarre and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Dan.
You see, in a 16-year-old temperature, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a heavy pale of dust they're mechanically stacked in their heads, up to 18 at a time, and they take them from the adjacent furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Designed by monkey and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe desperation was going to be quite intimidating.
So people were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it and, sitting there, thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the abundance who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, you don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I explained very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on France the Salan and work within the system for their release and trust you to get it.
As to me, I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big platforms were more heavy than the kids who charge them and kids are holding them into their heads with homemade straps made of sticks, ropes and gentlemen.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves and work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were required their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When we hear the word slavery, we often thought about sexual trafficking, and because of this global consciousness, they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Kathmandu, I was accompanied women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They drove me by some stairs that were given to this dirty basement, with fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restaurant, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private, where women slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each of them is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a bonus and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
At the time, I remember, I'm a sense of a search fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what must be stuck in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I walked.
There were no backyard doors.
There were no windows big enough to climb.
These people don't have a strategy, and because we touch a subject that's so difficult, it's important to point that slavery, even sexual trafficking, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people silent in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that often relate to the workforce.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The hands of black are the father, the third blue and red, from their children.
They mix tools in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbows, but the rhinoceros is toxic.
My performer told me their stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still expect, though, I can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Valley lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick view.
I saw what seemed like a fisherman family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traumatized, disappeared and forced families to work extensively in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up, it was shaking; it's the subject that his little canoe was embedded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Golden lake are often catching networks and children, fatigue and fear, they drop water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowned.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of their love is not going to flee, and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it's often treated by the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
It's in the cold and windows night.
And I can point out that these networks weighed over 400 kilos when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a film village.
I met it in a shelter in which I prefer the sales of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving by a road in Ghana with the partners of France, the Salanna, a consumer partner with his motor suddenly accelerate and overcome our car and played the window.
It asked us to followed it for a land way to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
And then he pointed out this path barely visible and said,``This is the way, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down, we took the walls that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was encouraged by the recent rains, so I put the photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the sort of path ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everyone was full of enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their back and, while they were looking for gold, they were walking in water.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were stuck in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people are carrying heavy straight bags that then will be transported to another area where they're going to get the stone to be able to extract gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full strong and powerful men, but if we look closer to the margin, we see to work at the other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the message of mercury in a few years.
This is Man . When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die their uncle, Man inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that physicians would say it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Man has tuberculosis, and, you know, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even like this, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like France, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a very respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to take testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change your lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not journals . They're people, real people, like you and me, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There's no day that I'm not thinking about these beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in those who see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is coming up a fire, and that the fire gives light about slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make a math app, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
Now, we're defending the values of the ballet and the clubs that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial appetite that can be a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's disease destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stirling, who, in his time, was a virtuous ballet dancer.
In the last few years, it has been a lot of progress.
However, there are 1.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with incredible, tremendous, rigorous weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective, and ultimately the only way we will know if there's really a cure is going to be when we have a target, objective metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of motion, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurologic exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, you never do . It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a nonviolent form to try, you see, in a sense at least, we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Staring.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you're talking about sounds like talking, and we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ballet, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about the time he takes a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom side you can see an example of improvision of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Vode, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and passionate after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these exams compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
Both of them are skillful . Well, but in addition exams are not specialized.
I mean, you can be automated.
They're doing very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
And we all know what happens.
When something is so low cost, it seems to scale mass scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistics of patients.
It would not be missing to the clinic for the routine school.
With a high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive recruitment of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, cheese families on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps today in that sense, we are launching the Partial Leadership Initiative.
Along to Acumen and Palestinian, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local accessible lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who's not?
What will you get from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
BL: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the confusion factors in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: You have 80 percent accuracy right now?
BL: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Ashanian, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which applies the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
BL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Litton, public.
BL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March in 2011, it would make photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in dark, in fourth without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make models even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artist artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11th , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary, there's a volunteer, there's the place in the place working as part of the response team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers, knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May traveled to Oklahoma.
It's a little fishermen of fishermen located in the Industrial precursor of almost 50,000 people, one of the first towns affected by wave.
The water level took over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inland.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble from channels and the canoes.
We cleaned schools . We took the slime house and leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We took tons and tons of fish fish, appearance, power of local factory.
We got rid and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and pictures of photos and cameras and seven cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
It's going to pick them up and take them to different places of people around to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they went from wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village education center.
It helped clean the common bathrooms, the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the performance center picks up photos.
And they took them, and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I went through my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that had more than a hundred years, some of them were still on the bottom of the lab, and I couldn't help think about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked on Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, which I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too much stressed, but where water had declared the face of the child, I had to get a lot of precision and delight.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the strategies.
With the time step, they came for the most photos, and they needed more retrospects, and that is that I went back in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
At the time of two weeks, I had 150 people to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Remoro, a neighboring town to the north of Yamara.
And once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the wake of photos.
It could be an hour . I could involve weeks.
It could involve months.
This landscape had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of them with the step of the time continued to destroy them, so to clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the photograph unless it was clean, dry and it would have been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky with cleaning.
We counted the guide of an amazing neighborhood.
It's very easy to dance even more photos.
As John once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these photos was lucky to the photos.
She had started to wipe her, but it stopped when you realize that the dances even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we were able to put the images into one photo and pull the whole picture.
When I picked up their photographs shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from their husband found photos in a peer station between the very far debris from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go within the water while the Sirens sounded.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was caught in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they've all survived.
The day he handed her pictures his son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, which he could look back to, something that he could remember from the past that wouldn't have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers, they had joined us to the Netherlands, and they helped us clean by hand over 150,000 photographs, the vast majority of the vast majority of their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 hundred families of completely restaurant and twisted photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $1,000 teams in teams and materials, most of us at printers.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we're looking for.
Over this, I tried the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, from giving someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this comes to someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the markers.
Some of them connected them to something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that is not thin models of perfect skin.
So to end, I'd like to read this email . He sent it Cinnister the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't help think about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a photo with women from different ages from grandmother to young child, gathered around a baby, I moved to me, because a similar picture of my grandmother, my mother, my daughter newborn, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Educator inspired us wonder and curiosity with this picture of a balance that goes through an apple of only one million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photograph: photographic, a new technique that can create video in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inner of the body without using X-rays, and challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I get it up and turn into a trillion of a second or a little bit, in many domains to create a piece of photons of a millimeter wide.
And that photons, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common balance.
If you take that ball and this package of photons, and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all this -- remember that all of this happens in less than one nanometer is what it takes to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't apply this research . There's a lot of things in this film, to unpack this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our balance, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through that, and inside, it starts to shoot.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
A lot of the photons finally get to the cap and then exploit in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflection is concentrated.
Now, if you take a common and current balance, and we make it go the same distance, and you see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that movie?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie of a slow.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that come from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, one female at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you will realize that, as light is coming out of the tomato, it's shining . It doesn't happen.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light in its inner and comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this membrane is on their phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exposure photo, it gets very little light.
But we will go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so I just go into some light.
We sent that ball, that photo package, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astute synchrony, we took those gigabytes of data and we interviewed them compulsively to create those dimensions that I showed them.
We can take all those data in raw and process them differently.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future superpower would allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Renovation, coming into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light reserves.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our membrane.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commons.
And a small fraction of photons coming back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our membrane, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to how far.
By projecting a laser, you can record a photo in gross, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this from the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going on around the curve.
Or we could search survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could be able to be able to see the inside of the body, which is sort of the interior of the body, and the same for computers.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about physics as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Doc Edward, himself a scientist, turned science in art, an art of altered photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected is not just for scientific visualization.
It will create a new form of computing photograph with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is only a billion seconds.
But here's a funny thing here.
If you look at the waves underneath the cap, you get away from us.
waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that the events happen in the world sometimes appear in the camera.
applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a phone, you can record a song, upload it to Sudan and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that time, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that they protest in search for change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of them have a mobile phone here?
Put them up.
Raise your mobile phones.
Look at them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about my cell phone, and how I changed life.
Talk about this.
These are 35 800 lines of information.
Data in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . started a conductor.
The Secretary of Information.
This director says that every European company, every single Internet supply of all Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who . Who send an email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and even two years, in their phone company, or their Internet suppliers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this feedback.
We want the self-determination in the digital era, and we don't want the carriers and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said that this would be Stanford 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Demeter Telescope, who was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you are protecting my life . ''
So I decided to start a court lawsuit because I wanted to have this information.
But Demeter Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
We finally signed up an agreement.
I would remove the demand, and they send me the information that I was asking.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional German Court failed the instability for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly little ugly with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand acres of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do about that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data regret means.
So, together to Zen Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and get away, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm from Frank in train to colony, and how often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little fear.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and you end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who send an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Titanic would have known who involved in this protest, and if the Titanic would have known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in consequence, not the fall of the iron.
Because today, state agencies and corporations want to store as much information from us as possible within and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home, tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century, and it's not past.
When you go home, give it to your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Max Zairi, and I'm not drunk, but the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, enjoying the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm going to take all the time.
Look.
It's advanced . I'm like a market of Shahrya.
And Muhammad Al.
A PC is not genetic.
It's not contagious, and it cannot contract.
No one weight the uterus of my mother, and I didn't control it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
Just through accidents, like the one that came up with me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go through.
Ways of Christmas, they're in the commercial center, they're driving in circles, and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and T C is just one of them.
There's a surge of oppression, I won the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Carolia, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can do that -- dancing song . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were demanding to the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my heel on his feet and simply walking.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to keep it.
The strategy that I took within was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten garden would walk like a boxing champion that has got a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians thought appropriate to use``hatred to Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot about hunger during the Ramadan.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three extra months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn of dawn, it's very easy.
dancing in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used touch, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all summer, we become Madonna.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to heal, so I drank a deer milk, they put hot cups on my back, and I dive into the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga, it was a slave comedian that I couldn't afford to stand.
And now I can hold up in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the state of Arizona, because I went in all the capabilities.
It was like the pets of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the ultimate note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to make a work called Vangi very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds:``Eventually have a paper!
I have brain palsy!
At the end, free!
Thank God to all-powerful God, I'm a free! ''
I didn't get paper . They gave it to Shereen Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why, and she told me that because she told me that because they thought it couldn't make the stunt scenes.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, it can't be the character . ''
It was a role for which he literally had born and gave it to an unprecedented actor.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a secret history of adding actors without disability roles.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first tour tour was kind of weird in a phone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be coming from``company"to``better buddy"in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I wouldn't see me more than the only one, and it was evident for me that the reporters of repair didn't hire fat or white actresses, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Washington Goldberg, Rose Barry, Ellen, and all these women had a common thing: they were comedians.
So I made a humor.
In my first tour, he took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when he fell in the realization that I was going at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in East East, without censorship and no speed.
Some people say that I am the first memorial of the Arab world.
I never like to get the first place, but I do know that you never heard that little nasty rumor that women are not fun, and you find very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obamalian, and I launched the Angley comedy Festival in New York City now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of African-Americans in communication media, and then to remind you to the director directors that South Asia and Arabic are not synonymous.
Interview Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program behind Keith England.
I walked into a graduation dance, they dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the conductor, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live!
So I cling to the desktop's desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and I took it up . I knew they wouldn't be invited.
But not only Mr. Augustine came back to inviting me, but it was a full-time participant, and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith European was that people on the Internet are Scottish.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never got rid of me or girls.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became a bright object.
I see clips online with comments like,``Why do you go? ''
\" Is it removed? ''
And my favorite,``Poor therapy.
What disease does it have?
We should really go through it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: guitar, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap, man . Go.
The distributions are the largest minority in the world, and the most underestimated in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids.
My turtle journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk by the red carpet, the wind of the telescopes Susan Loud and the Brazil Broades.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandington and working with my own, the amazing Dave Matthews.
I remember the world going crazy . ''
I was detected in the big state of the big state of New Jersey at 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mandela ,"a charity charity to give kids refugees a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
Peter.
I call me Max Zarilia, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town in the South of Somalia.
This town is near Mogadishu.
drought to the small village to poverty and the edge of innocence.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Mogadishu.
After maybe a year, that's nothing.
One day it's about a gentleman that offers him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
It knows a group of people, who gives him a shock.
Get a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They present a young man.
It's finally home.
A new life begins.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, it bursts a car bomb.
That child from that little town with dreams of the big quality was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shah, a terrorist organization connected with al Qaeda.
So, how a story of a child from a little village trying to get their dreams in the city end up with him?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that took it from what we call the waiting period.
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marginalized, young urban people who are defending riots in Johannesburg, they've designed riots in London, they're looking for something beyond``hope period . ''
For young people, the city promise, the big dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, to well-being, but young people don't participate in prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the hope period, the access door, to violence, to gangs, to be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my city of birth, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
Seventy percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't virtually do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madrid Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the face of this hospital at the bullets, thinking,``What if I'd never been? ''
And if I'd been forced to be on that same``hope period"?
Would I become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason why I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to embrace some juvenile leaders in a corporate grave.
It gathered about 90 social leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
Adam saw an opportunity and expanded it.
A motorcycle company started.
It started blowing motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time expanding hundreds of myths over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What do you do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I believe that business spirit can be the most powerful tool against``hope period . ''
It takes young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Moud, a flower.
I was helping me to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used to be sent from plastic.
If you asked somebody,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
A business company started and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he began to grow tourists and larvae, which he said, could survive the Dualip climate.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now is working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roses.
By the way, he doesn't grow roses because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really deep impact on young people.
They've never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which might be artifacts of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city faces.
They had business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put up their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, to give them the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create cathoods for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
So, you heard kids from the street to help rent up and keep the engines for him.
I gave you the opportunity to escape the``period of hope . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, including and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace than autonomous and``hope periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad at the Andrew Mountains, an area associated to Northern York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest followed.
The sun would make the leaves glow as a vital, and not the way we go out, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We got to our camp.
I was a shed in a risk with a beautiful criminal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a garbage, about four square meters with apples of apple rotten balls of aluminum, and healthy heated.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy to take out what they had brought, who thought I would clean their garbage?
That question followed me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
It doesn't matter how they organize or where the``ours"do, who clean our garbage in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our garbage, to reason at 15,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like using the uniform and taking that burden?
So I started a research project with them.
I went in the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to go more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And it operates mechanical spores and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept taking their weight on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous activities in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and walking into traffic all day, and you're walking around you.
They only want to go, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often falls out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the box and you see a city from the back of the truck, you understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic, because I think the waste collections are the most important labor in the city streets, for three reasons.
They are the first producers of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste, efficient and effective forms every day, this starts to get rid of your containers and your inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to dance.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, it just pointed out their relationship.
And then it's what I call our average average speed.
So, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
Usually we don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or take us our coffee cup, our balls, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forgot them, because we know that there's a job force on the other side that will get off.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and inclusive them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, a romantic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you're going to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, our own waste, our waste, our waste, and that flow should always be maintained in one form or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the grain of a waste collection truck in the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his playground recycled, like all the Wednesday did.
And I tried to thank you for doing their job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be OK.
We're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that, I began to investigate waste collection and I saw that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be OK.
But in our efforts by regulating the way we exist on this planet, we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost in the labor hand.
Monitoring waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to break.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the craftsman with crystals generates heat inside, so it's necessary.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, your appearance has nothing to do with Africa not with Ethiopia.
It's a shame going from such a rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the old market that is this structure in the open air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to little sellers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several stories, apply these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inviting the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image, they don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclined atrium that creates a space to the open air in the building that is authorized, by its own form, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started to think of a similar tissue to an ant shell with drilling to allow the input of the air, and also of light, but in a filter.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the ethanols of the Ethiopian.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little pieces of prefaroored pieces that are the windows that allow us to pass the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is complex with these little colored crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because in the end of the commercial center, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have conditioning air.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels, we thought on the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these patches on the roof, they collect water for the wetlands of the interior.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I set up a special attention in the media, a structure of 1,000 years old that he was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 blocks, similar blocks in size and characteristics to which there's in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we got a schematic that sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with ducks, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a smaller density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retirement community that is occupied by building.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socializing, and make activity like running a $two mile race, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change communities and local economies at the same pace growing buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new child joined our class . It was so remarkable, you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair very bright, and a little pencil of pencil, cute . It was super strong for the capital of states, very good for cartography.
I finished that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day, I took a time after the exit of school . It was a little afternoon, and I hid myself in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher's table.
And then I did.
The ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some.
All the ace . And I was willing to bring the book back into the drawer, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a frenzy, I run the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put every single row of B and myself a row of this, just by being there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's all deeply obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I get rid of the reason why I bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for propaganda.
I'm intrigued.
They're so mysterious and so penetrate.
We know babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates . The adult birds are very poor.
We know that cells are the number one cause of killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the jealousy is studied in all possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no ice . There would be no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no black king, not``The thousand and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
The lists of high school read read, because we were losing``The Noise and the Fund ,"there would be no``Gaseste"or``Party ."We'd lost``Madame Boom"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Prozac . I know that he's going to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost it has them all.
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece,``In search for lost time ,"the most extraordinary study of sexual cells, and also from ordinary competence, the mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of an individual magic in you of washing.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot about how valuable it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Wool said they were as hard as cat bird.
I don't know what the cat tree is, but we assume it's super.
Let's see why they're so well together, the novel and the jealousy and the jealousy.
It's going to be very obvious like jealousy, which are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their editors, are a very solid narrative basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealous.
When we feel rut, we told ourselves a story.
A story about other people's life, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details will include, to clear the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to itself that story, and since then, he says that every fresh love that Panbanisha detected in his lover, he adds it to her collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Panbanisha and Proust were notoriously jealous.
You know, Protein's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The cells are antennaes.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
The cells nourish of information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and cute and little pencil.
The cells nourish from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It was proud to be very successful language with the jealousy.
When Panbanisha is in his rut of jealousy, he suddenly listening behind the doors and bribes the survivors of her lover, then defending those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know, I know that you think this is disgusting, but it's not different from an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
He's trying to show that the cells look international, and they make us seem absurd, but, in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what to Proust concentrated, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of feelings much deeper and vital than a wise that can be interested to us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our creativity, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at very peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who consumed with the idea that his wife would deceive him.
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man, which was not fixed in what his wife was doing.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew.
The poor creature was under suspected without any cause.
But he looked for things that would make their wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much? Or do you accidentally root with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the questionnaire of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how cells do us to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more interestingly jealous we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the jealousy leads us to make violent or illegal acts.
The cells are driven to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it . But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news.
A woman of Michigan 50 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which there was violent messages, horrible self, for a year.
For a year . A whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, I reacted to admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, although unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of a Pacific Phary.
High-star is one of my favorites.
She's a very bizarre and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The Tropical Mr. Replace ,"books that treat how the cells, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punch in an instant.
Let's take Tom Riley, his most famous character.
Tom Rockett is going to want to want or want what you have to get away from your self, and you're going to get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, it cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rosling's route.
I can't give you all the whole world, as often as I'd like.
It's a shame, because we live in envy times.
We live in time of jealousy.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where the coin is envy? Right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 2727 of Baker Street and ask by Jeff Holly.
When people think about Holly, they think about the whole curse at Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always witnessed [[ to] ] Lesterland, the head face of Scott Yare, who needs Holly desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but it's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Leslie needs their aid, but the resilient, and it's burning with bitterness in each mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and then finally in``The Six Napshottine adventure ,"once Holly comes in, detective everyone with their solution, Lesterland comes back to Holly and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holly.
We are proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there's no person in Scott Yare who wouldn't want to get your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollard traveling in history . I find this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Holly, it's the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admit that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to rescue from the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we expect that to happen, let's remember that we have the fiction to comfort us.
Just death destroyed the jealousy.
So, the fiction used to be down to the table.
And look at what they're grabbing: the sweet Lesterland, the lander Tom Rolling, the crazy Sandy, the former Marcel Proust.
We're in great company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of Apollo 11, and he went down on the Silicon Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the crew of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program ends , 24 men traveled to the moon.
They were walking on their surface, which alert after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 38 kilos of old rock rock, and something that 24 will deal next, a new sense of little and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But Kenya's own words at Rice University in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why do we become our goal?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain?
About 35 years ago, why fly about the Atlantic?
Why does Rick play against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but they're difficult.
Jason Point: For the contemporaries, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder in the transcendence of power powers.
They were a great thing to be able to do.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the police was eradicated and smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to have what Alexander Thatcher in 1970 called``acceleration force . ''
For most of humanity history, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, Apollo 10 flew up to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the proposition of Apollo 10, and the joy of optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population, seem to be intractable.
I remember seeing the apartment of Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the camera of the rocket Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last lung mission, but I was completely sure that I'd come to see the colonies on Mars.
So, what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted to us, and they were enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They've expanded and enrich our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a radical explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you've created less ambitious companies than those years in which Intel was funded, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offers entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment came to change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were at their place, not worry about risk, they preferred little investments, the significant investment that they could get out in 10 years.
Charles have always had trouble investing in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital, and whose development is long-term . They've never invested in developing technologies that are intended to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and bisexual . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biophony.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would increase the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in the research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal's price.
But there's no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy from America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from a time that the manufacturers are a result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine as they exist bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes encourage a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The difficult problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we need to, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; the institutions have to support the solution; it must be really a technological problem, and we must understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, makes those criteria.
But it's an important model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no generous competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy, and it's the difficult and the dangerous, and there's no popular science of fiction fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't need the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by cutting the ideas out of the confidence.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a rejection: there's been a big decrease of trust, it's a very generalized belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the neocortex, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a clearest idea about the subject.
First of all, I'd think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I inclined to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and I could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were disappointed 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite trustworthy: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half.
But is this evidence?
What the opinion surveys are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask them certain questions.
Does it trust politicians? Trust in the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Trust in the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Trust the teacher's teachers? ''
You would probably start to ask,``To ask what? ''
And that would be a very sensible response.
And you might say, when you've told your question,``Well, trust some, but in others no . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to replicate trust differently.
We don't know that the level of confidence that we're going to feel by a certain kind of officer, working or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is difference, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to be able to be able to be able to make the good inherent judgment to trust something or someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue.
I'm going to be able to have more confidence in what it is, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a partial of not trust what's not reliable.
And I believe that those people who put their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Confidence department or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, he says, yes, OK, that means that what matters first isn't trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely sparse.
If it's like that, I'm still not missing.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
The confidence is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's difficult.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will be the part itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that's destined to ensure trustworthiness and trustworthiness evidence, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is we difficulty the work of people who have to do difficult tasks, like the midwives, demanding them that``take the boxes ,"as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
Everything, all that, by the goal.
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will convey the people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trustworthy.
It's not easy . It's judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what is not done properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust, put things down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is different because it gives us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the base enough for you to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't trick, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to give a deceptive evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people do, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says that I can give you no explanations.
I take you, and I'll give you the money, or you change it by the color that I want.
That's great . I trust them, because themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're aiming to is not a very difficult thing to disappear.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where imagination can be disappointed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly, and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine what it would be.
I first created this tool that's inside the digital space, so that when the strong opinion against the screen is to transfer their physical body to pixels.
designers can matter their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get into the inner and interact with digital information using the entire dexterity of your hands?
In the distribution of Microsoft Science, along with my mentor named Bacmal Bureaus, I redesign the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work.
Combining a transparent visit with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select it is as easy as you grab a book from a shelf.
You can run the book and break lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's down on every floating display.
Architects can stretch or rotate their modules directly with hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, a lot of us will have bought, and I devoured things online.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an Internet virtual test.
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head, or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we could touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my student Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Jeff Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplies, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we program the object digitally, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recording and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach checkers physically and distance and the famous take from Michael Jordan can be represented as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike the monitors of text, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a sophomore for two years in Minnesota, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they felt strongly that there was only a certain path towards happiness: safe and well-educated work.
No matter whether work would like or not.
But my dream was a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young to learn the acceptances, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult would add the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared, during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another vocation.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Well.
I went to the books.
[" Common Jobs"in Mandela ."[ Electron Charles'``lessons of history"came to America in 1995, and what were the first books here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is the Chinese academic life.
And it's not convenient propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honored your father and your mother . ''
\" honoring ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this cultural guilt trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave me to my comparative reading habit.
He provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never had to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Compassion is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not also in life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try people [`` Benjamin Franklin"by Walter Machine] [`` John Adams"from David McCain, who were involved in the same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, it's all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" Path of Chuck Toro"Thomas Merce] [`` The Path of The Country"Alan watts instead of losing in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized in Chinese in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, it literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know not to feel alone or powerless.
Having a broken dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that this is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes.
Even a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books are always accompanied.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was an 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session, using cows, and a hole hole, he would go on the couch of my office and told me the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My class company had a spring as a first client.
And I took a shame that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy only to move the head while we removed the solution.
\" The trains are the new 20 ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get married afterwards, it has kids later, to death.
For free as Alex, and I had a time.
But soon after, my supervisor was prepared to push Alex to talk about her love life.
I resist.
I said,``Sure, it's coming out with the guys underneath your category, and you sit up with a headache, but it's not like being married with him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, no, but maybe it's married.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it falls . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not only for Alex and their loving life but for the careers, the families and the future's futures everywhere.
There are 50 million folds in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody comes to adulthood without passing before by the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the glasses here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with neighbors, you love a neighbor, you remove a dream, I want to see . It's okay . Amazing, the limbs really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to 35.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments``Aha!"moments that shape their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't enter panic.
This audience is going to be OK, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their 20s, and it's reproductive for adulthood, which means if there's something they want to change themselves, now is time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s that at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are time to educate about their body and choices.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when their daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the neighbors are listening.
newspapers speak about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists give them ridiculous names to the life like``tumors"and``kilometers . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernard said that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think that happens when you give a feminist on your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart, interesting, interesting like you or your daughters and daughters, you get to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm only killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as a career begins before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are going to end up, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better school the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the chair of the chairs.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music turned off, and they all began to sit.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I had 30 . ''
Where are the neighbors here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the three, and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
A lot of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once at 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing that you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and filmmakers look themselves, and I, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had even been harder.
She worked often in our sessions, but then she took herself to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new director for conductor, and I had spent the whole morning by filling it with his many contacts, but then he kept seeing the empty space that follows after the words,``In case of emergencies, please call...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to care me if I give me cancer? ''
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that's really concerned.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit down as the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So, over the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of us will go, man or woman, deserve to know.
First, I told Emma to forget from that identity crisis and get identity capital.
By capital identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Do something that's an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I do know this: identity capital creates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that boarding, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not slowing down, I'm destroying the exploration that I shouldn't tell, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prostitution.
I told Emma to explore jobs, and I would make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take us to the airport, but the glasses who are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to go out almost always comes from outside their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called faint friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the views have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak ties are the way to color this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is how you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not less importantly, Emma thinks that you don't choose your family, but yes to your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a journalist, Emma will be able to choose his family, and when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and even agree with you.
But choice to the person that you live with now, or you care now when everybody on Facebook begins to walk towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who's choosing you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we went through that conductor, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, I love his new family, and I sent me a letter that said,``Now spaces of emergencies are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with neighbors.
It's very easy to help them.
The vegetables are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which go out somewhere in the West.
Right before the takeoff, a light on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, a good conversation, a good shock, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the views you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
That's what I have the privilege now to say to versions like Emma every day: the trains are not the new 20, it's their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job on a job that was even more picky: the doctor.
I went to teach you mathematics to seventh grade schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied exams and testing.
I gave you tasks.
When the job came back, it calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no C.D. scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kinds of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, decimal, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better.
It's the CIA, but what happens if you have success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn sustainably and easy?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict where they're going to stay in military training and who would withdraw.
We went to the National Council of Delaware, and we tried to predict what kids would move forward in competition.
We study novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking how teachers are still teaching for the end of school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning of their students?
We associate with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to win more money?
In all those very different contexts, a characteristic arose like an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
determination is to have resistance.
determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaire, and then wait about more than a year to see those who are graduating.
It turns out that the kids with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I broke them into every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that kids feel when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point, or in the National Council of Delaware, where determination matters . It's also in school, especially for kids at risk of abandoned.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in kids?
What should I do to teach kids a successful job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is typically not related or even related to talent measures.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in kids is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol D, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain, and how they change and grow in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have by the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to prove them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a heat, one of my most revealing memories is my mother showing beauty, shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I wonder by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as imperative as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can get this barrier, so I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this language can be done.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese might be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day over the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and fast way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to take a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was shouting in a regular way,``Austria! I'm burning!"This symbol actually is original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a singing in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
A person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to go.
As the old say, two are companies, three are crowd.
If a person will stretch your arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a participating tree is quite idiot.
Do you remember fire?
Two fires together, it gets very hot.
Three fires together, that are many flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shining.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out of the horizon.
A door . Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
played, played there's someone at home?
This person is coming out hiding from a door, climbing, advancing.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have care is an adult.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next eight characters will build another 32.
So every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two stacked mountains over the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs were defending their political enemies beyond mountains.
Nowadays, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard magician together.
The film dominated their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Great, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and raised our children in a kind of industrial complex show of child fantasy.
However, Oz's magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The real trend actually took rise to years later with, interestingly, another movie whose protagonists, a metal boy and a hairy child rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guard.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
Monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I believe that if the Wizard magician is made today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy was predicted.
You use magical shoes to defeat the computers generated by the computer of malaria.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise and even light are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of supervision had gone down . So, he took off in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his potatoes behind, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but unfortunately, it absorb everything.
I wonder what's perceived.
Would you be worth of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the Wizard magician of 1939.
How does Dorothy win his film?
It's going to make good crumbs with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz, right? And not a world of men who fight, that's where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in movies for our children, and so little from the yellow brick?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I've never read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the LED princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have been served to me to navigate the world of adults that's blended to me, I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you still there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and it will defend the princess of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, kids, are not really their goal audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Henry and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time continues to appear in classical after classical, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who have a child.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, eventually came out.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when it came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has done a movie of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let it stop!
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet gone up, and it's already spreading, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alisa Beck is a comic artist, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the evaluation of movies that you saw.
And it's very simple . There's only three questions that you need to do: In the movie, there's more than a female character than you have lines?
So, you have to get the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point of film?
Their conversations are about something more besides the boy than they like? All right? Thank you . Thank you . Thank you.
Two women that exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I'm very rarely seeing it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Art.
Right? Rose, Goldin, tape success, a sense of consensus of what a quality movie is about.
Virtually, it doesn't happen the Beck test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women are hiding during the religious crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the big moment for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen for the Congress, then it's OK.
But there's a larger number than this one is going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of massive entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things that I think is a huge amount of sexual agencies.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you get to learn?
Are the story coming out, which says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we making that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, you find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We've got tools to our disposal as power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, will I be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role that's taking care of home and standard.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars, you know what he said?
Obama.
Obamality Kenya and Greenland.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that type of stories for my daughter, and I like that type of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where I'm telling my son: Go and fight only and more stories where he would see that his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Wizard magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I loved was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's difficult to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me celebrate them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length together to the Nile.
And my sea biscuits had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place on the Eastern Delta Delta called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, we process it using false color, and suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical shifts of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Tyling, lost for thousands of years.
Elvis was the capital of the former Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Qaeda, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this big renaissance of former Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Elvis was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicate within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge curriculum.
This area is enormous, it's about six times a mile.
Before, the Nile flower right next to UNESCO, and as it changed over time, he went into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city on an extended landscape?
Trying to find it to random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we used NASA official data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, that we thought it might be the location of Titan.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing a show, and you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the shots of sample in ice, but instead of climate change layer, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, under a thick layer layer, we found a dense layer of ceramics objects.
This means that in this possible location of Titan, five meters down, we have a copy layer of several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Twitter.
We also found leadership jobs, corner, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not very much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from an elite jewelry workshop that demonstrates that what's been there, was a very important city.
We don't even find Teszler here, but we're going to go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, it probably was written at Titup 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all the vocalizations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So, you know, TED wasn't founded in 1984!
It makes ideas happen in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now you're going to visualize a group of objects in bicycles.
They're committing in a node of bicycles, and they're going in direction to their entry door.
I need to see this really.
They're losing strong, they're sweating, they're walking a lot.
And they collide from front against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying around, the wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absorbent places . They pass the gate of the door.
The lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light . The light shining over the Galapagos of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with her hand.
From their chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
They can feel their blue coat making them shell in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats, and you're about to get into the mouth.
They pass on one side and enter their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing``Hi My Baby One Mort Mist . ''
Now look at the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick, and from the oven they come to you Dorothy, the Manhattan Man, the Spaces and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"played out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. memory champion.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of an American deck.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one, this is a man named Ed Cook that had come from England and has one of the best memory.
I said,``Ed, when you realized that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I am not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained ourselves to make these miraculous acts of memory using old techniques, invented by 1,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques using Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit extraordinary, he said,``Josh, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
Because I'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize order in a lifetime of life, on national television.
That will test the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start by something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and which can be their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EP.
He is anonymous, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that lets us see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peter . He was based for Dusty Hoffman's role in film``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon in the public library by Salt Lake City, memorized telephone books; it was central.
And when I went back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory, something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained, discipline and grown memory wasn't such a rare thing as it might be today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have done our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that we've changed us as well.
As we already don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very synthesized competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Will it have brains in some way, structural or automatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that compared them to.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers and faces and forms of snowflakes, and they found that in memory champions, they're lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They were actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is being moved as an armed career where someone comes up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be placed.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of messy animals that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digits.
I know.
And as there's a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competitive companies, all the techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call``collaborative coding . ''
It illustrates with a paradox of known as the paradox``Backette ."[ Bargharia] ) He says the next thing: I say to two people who remember the same word .``Remember that there's a man named Baker . ''
That's their appeal.
And then I asked them,``Remember that there's a bather . ''
And when I go back, and I ask them,``Do you remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Do you remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told his job is``Baker . ''
Same word, different skills of memory; that's rare.
What happens here?
Well, the Baker name, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance by their head.
But the word,``Baker"-- we know landscapes.
They use white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
Pick up well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started to put an attractive array to make them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Greece Greece.
It's known as the palace of memory.
The story says like this: There was a poet called``The Inspirations that are attending a banker . ''
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't going to a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he took his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he went, the bank room collapsed.
killing them all.
But not just killed them all, but I destroyed bodies by leaving them.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Insistic, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of rubble, I closed the eyes, and he realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every invited was sitting.
It took the families in their hand to take them where their loved ones were between rubble.
What you're looking at at that time is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it's that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or word instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to take me to remind me the first 10 words of history that I've just told you about meanings, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the face horse in your lobby, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and to fold it from images with the things that you want to remember: the more crazy, the deeper, the more profitable, the more inevitable.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treatment of memory, in Latin.
And how does it work?
So, let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and they want to make it memory, the same way that Cicero would have done if you invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to come to some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely island competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you see the Gallentis of the Galapagos mounted on mystery Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind them that lovely anecdote that they want to count.
And then you go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that you would talk about would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and you have some friends to help you remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorized their speeches, not word for word, that's going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek Greeks, which means``place . ''
It's a version of when people thought about morality and rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase``First"would be like the first place in their memory palace.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got rid of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this subjective memorize.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathetically boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in exams . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school year bought in a thumb market.
And I found that this was incredibly entertaining.
You'd never expect it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's really trying to do is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, complex, provocative, insulation, absurd and inevitable, in the eye of mind.
I got very excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of errors, and a few security goggles covered with just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory experiment.
I thought that could be a good job for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, which I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and buy lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the levers of memory or memorize barriers from animals, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talked about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we are deeply focused.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a deep kind of deep process, a whole kind of complete attention that most of you don't really know.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are getting memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what EP, the anonymous who couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our cutting existence in the White or iPhone, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks our side . We will be so honored that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we will be able to be able to be a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Nike Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Libya, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was going to the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the television . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me . And every time I'd shower me and go back into a towel, everybody looked at me.
And I was like that.
It was awkward, insecure and hated.
He hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and the house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of zones, but from those visceral, emotional connections that we're dealing with.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what's wrong, you think about power,``stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about how to based on a building building 2,000 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a sense that architects use to create an emotional connection with ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers in front of the sea, far from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
People who build . urbanism and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberia Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it's got a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, which let the Giant try to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new type of public equipment for the city, a place to gather, read and share.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drives new technologies, new choices, new solutions for life forms today.
We pushed, we push and push so much, we get completely away from people.
All of black, this defines us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside, because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and connect with those previously appreciated symbols.
So we do, and we're all happy, but we feel like tribes, so we start to experiment again; we make the pendulum on ahead, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It's got to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, dense scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know, and we update them.
We add together, and we added steps and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give.
We took Capenton guns and turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval punishment made of glass.
The shapes were beaten, they won in audacity and colorful.
The canals became columns.
The stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's possibly a bunch of bread sticks.
This is what happens with power.
This is what happens with symbols.
They are easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we're getting memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Titanic.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the 1980s, in the early '90s, we started to experiment with the so-called deconstructive.
We destroyed the historical symbols; we now count new design techniques, and we find new composition, a few ways that are stressed against other forms.
This is academic and worker, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the dark pendulum again.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Guzzzzzypto of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public generally were agreed about a building.
New York Times took this miraculous construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,000 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Surgery.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media came around them, and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
Same thing did the main mayors of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other stars.
He happened to Zara and Liberia, and what happened with these little elite architects in the New millennium threshold, actually started to go through the architecture of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you eat architecture.
A thousand years ago, you had to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is accelerating: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, in the television, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 other buildings, before you know about four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we found buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we are in the top of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevators, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media to the media, it starts smoking faster and faster, until you're going to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Penns in Sierra Island, in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and like the drawings were exactly the finished product, there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Lincoln.
If that building would be built today, we would first go to the Internet in search for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's a ammunition.
ammunition that you can take the mayor of Lincoln, people in Fiji, and say that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
Everything is different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use free words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a decentralized audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't get to be interested in architecture.
That means that the standard pendulum from one style to another, one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that face society.
This is the end of architecture history, and it means the building of tomorrow will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the old city of Somalia can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical institution of red brick based on ideas of what it must be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are associated to nature's mapping and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, is no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little algal pavilion, as muscle and forminist like the animals that are going to look.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we built.
Architects know how to do more ecological, smarter buildings, smarter.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, stars.
He just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that cool way, typical of children in a year, moving, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and child, and it gives itself those big and moist kisses.
It's beautiful.
apparently, all their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think,``When stop doing this? ''
How do we suddenly don't like our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Paul, it's 13 years old and living in Denver.
And as any teenager, only wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells you all the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you that it's ugly.
Among what his mom says, and what his friends, or the school partners say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, you publish it on YouTube, and ask others who please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, until now, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talked about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which receives these answers in one of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting video like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate like this.
But what's going to do?
Well, the adolescents today are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, shooting, giving me,``I like ,"by committing, sharing, publishing, this never finished.
We've never been so connected, in a continuous way, so instantaneous, so young.
As a mother said to me, he said,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being connected, is affecting our kids to adapt to the number of``I like ,"and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most heartbreaking in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news's news.
Cell stem models are still dominate.
The technique technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``Threat ,"the philosopher,``Bible and".
For those of you who know it, it means professional means.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superheroes of sports, and the remarkable singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we are teaching our children to spend more time and effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical abilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls are not going to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a taxpayer to society and the labor development field.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments; they avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One out of five are not attending classes at all days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in exams, if you don't think you see enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a minor note to your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, America and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem about your body is releasing academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
adolescents with little self-esteem perform less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more dead diets than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-worth.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they are at the greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol of alcohol and drug drugs, dramatic diets, static surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and self-assembly damage.
The search of the perfect body is pushing health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have an overweight again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater absence rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day that they don't feel secure with the way they see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity?
Library this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our kids are following will not only have a positive impact, but also a durable impact.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-worth that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the rhythms in the issue, and we're a better model for women and girls in our own lives.
Design the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to have the parking of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or the size of their chest, or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people by what they are, not because of how you see.
All of us can start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you'd kissed a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and companies, to really change our culture, so our children grow up by changing their whole person, valuing individual, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world in where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're going to look at them, they're never stopping those who are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Your wife?
Your sister?
Your daughter?
Do you smile? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who are two seats in the distance, and what would it mean for her if it was released from that authentic voice in her interior, that I'm terrified by not having long legs, more thin museums, more flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we would overcome this, and we'd say it brings up their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as you make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
Let's change each one of us, the way we speak and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little suits of a year old today, become safe changes of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five , 1990, a gentleman named Salanny Namists walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Misery Kabann, the leader of Defense Jewish League.
Now, I'll immediately give you innocent, but I'm pressure by other charges, compared to others, started to plan attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels, synagogues and United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, it couldn't be avoided.
Later, you'd be convicted by your participation in that score.
Slamen Naise is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a love American mother, primary school teacher, among the two they did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, they get to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there's always a little fraction of people who are going down so amazingly to their convictions that think that you have to use all the means possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me, and I explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to shot training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Poland Caleet Pole that, not knowing our group, was linked by the FBI.
When I turned out, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder, and I explained how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot, I gave the little orange light on the target, and for surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal of flames.
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic, he said,``IBM . ''
It's such a parent.
All of them, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a burden with 700 kilos of explosions in the underground parking in the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurting another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``amount ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone, it was time to be packing and going to another city.
As I was always, the new face of the class often was a math victim.
I was talking secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regulation, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, it didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, for growing under fantastic, was not prepared for the real world.
They were educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that was involved in the Journal National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a math victim almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different procedures.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I found that one of the kids who we had made is Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and I was very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was inevitable.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in my character's development.
All life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the homosexuality were bad influences.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the smallest and less critical ones I'd seen in life.
Having been harassed by child, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling, I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me a child, the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is like to be gay, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Dalai Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart would make me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and I helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my father, a time when I was desperately doing it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, as it's alive.
She looked at the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with international people and he said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At the time I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inner.
My real name is not Zahari Erran.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put me into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, someday, who you're trying to bring to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, which I was convicted to this violent and intuitive ideology, I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do that for the victims of terrorism and by their loved ones, and by the terrible pain, and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talking, against those acts without sense, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simplicity, I'm showing you here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
Right now there's a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multicultural film.
It's 3D, and it has sound sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has anger, flavor and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood that's projected in your eyes.
And it's constantly an superimposed voice in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and world.
consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an inner film, you, T and tea.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness.
I don't have any certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that processing what we got to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the whole century, I predict that vision.
psychology studies the behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Now, neuroscientists like Roger Crick and physicists like Roger Penera said,``Now it's time for science to embrace consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a scientific job flourishing of consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was cool.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy King presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I didn't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective inner movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the workers, like the hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surfaces are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the tools operate, how the hurricanes work, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms . They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the difficult problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart science material.
I want a scientific theory of refugee that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall, looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, cool explanations . We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one side, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our vision of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, and I think we need ideas that at the beginning will appear crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness.
All the idea of internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and this is what you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pure consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I have, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I believe can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space and time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and there's the world.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is long.
In the 19th century, Max found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental, space, time, mass, Newton laws, and then I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find about consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by logic, you have to clear the list.
The most natural thing would be possible to be a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can be able to be in a rowing.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can get them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what law they are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called``Panisento"by all,``Psychia"by mind, every single system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of crude, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do you think something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it's far less for the people of different cultures, where human mind seems more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process is linked to information with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
Complexity processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Ghana Tong, took this type of theory and developed it properly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called Chinese, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And he assume that he has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an amazing high degree of information integration, a high degree of faith, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's a measure of information in information, very significant, very important consciousness.
But when you get to worms, microbes, particles, the grade of Chicago.
The information level of information is smaller, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there's still a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degrees of faith, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that insulin can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking,``Where do you go out of the fire of equations? ''
From the psychological vision, the equations of physics can be left, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I believe, is the potential vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and you can have very serious social consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a painting and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think by thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie``Huh"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the pedestrian information, she has a complicated, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have pretty serious ethical problems about the development of developing computing systems and the ethic of turning it off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED Talk, an inner film for this complete TED group, different from the inner movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be taken seriously.
So this painting vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental, that the second one, that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contributed to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We cannot wait to solve overnight.
But I think we finally will be discovering it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I believe, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to join a prize of the community.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't achieved anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Bush Salary"and``Dance's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melbourne, so only after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes, a boy raised her hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What's the speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of diffusion for some good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: this child had had experiences with disabled people as objects of inspiration.
And we aren't . And it's not guilty, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our pets.
We are not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear, I'm afraid of desperately.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've lied into disability.
Yes, we've sold the lie that disability is something bad, Machia, Mousel.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make me exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
It's possible that you've seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuses is invested . ''
Or this one:``Before I abandoned, let me go! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them.
It may have seen one, from the child without hands drawing with a pencil shortly.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term deliberately, because they take a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we went through the disabled disabled people.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, very bad that it's my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person?
I've lost the number of times of the number of times that have been addressed by wanting me to believe that they believe that I am a brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to cost.
These images, those images take people with disability in the benefit of people with no disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we overcome is not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I got to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability to be like you do, and that's what happens with kids from those photos as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to automate them in the way we do, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration"says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here digging the inspiration, and you think,``Oh, my God, you're not sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that it's a cool idea to use a based on a little bit of barbecue to collect the things that they fall on, and I learned the ingenious trick of how to carry the cell phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that excellentes and dislike us.
I really believe that the lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a staircase of stairs has never done it become a ramp.
Never . Smile to a television screen won't make the subtitles appear for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and getting a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his dorm, watching``Bush Lass"is not considered by nothing to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in high school in Melbourne is not a little surprising that their new teacher is a wheelchair.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you believe to know about you know what does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a carbon without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't get rid of us.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report"and in Tom Cruise running their hands in the air, but the augmented reality isn't science fiction.
Real reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality increased our lives as well as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me allow you to experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that you feel like a 110 pounds, you're trying to get rid of all your self.
I've been there, and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some clips to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of NFL's practice, because the idea of the NSA of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kuland: Let's go.
It's horrible to be hot.
A moment . Let's zoom a little bit.
Preferent?
Go!
Chris Kleiner: As you can see, it's a burden of what is being stored in the football field, from the perspective of the heel.
You've realized that lack of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Camera marital: mice 54! mice 54!
Blue 8, blue 8!
Chris Kleiner: This is a little bit closer to the feeling, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Gophillia and Google Glass, how do we get up, how do we bring it to the next level?
We bring it to that level using something called October Rift, which is sure many already know.
The Occupy Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a drill with the arm before you run and make an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be month running through the hook, taking the ball down to the bottom of the network? Or pursuing a step in Wembley?
What would be your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of adults for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Rome.
How do we reach the augmented reality, OK?
We will take the augmented reality when the coaches, the scans and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief record about technology at CERN.
In 1965, Baltimore's Veterans took a one to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to mimic them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the helmet of the fields of field, and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group, and you see their next play shown in front of you, on a plastic visit that they're wearing . You won't have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the countryside and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow your instructions, you lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the Party.
What would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera at every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down there.
You also get information from the hull sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know.
The bad people will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recruit, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the ball and you get back.
You're looking for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your visit gives you that a defense behind you is going to attack me . Usually, you wouldn't see it, but the R system will warn you.
Go to the protection area.
Another flower is an open receptor.
Launch the ball.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where you land . However, the receptor sees in your visit an area of grass that is lighting and can modify the career.
It's approaching, it grabs the ball, running and angry.
The audience comes up and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality increased to be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus, like our habitual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports levels.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse, how many are their actions from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it's pursued?
How much is it going to be also for an Danny Dawn or a New York Newton, trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Kardashian?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality came around.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as usual, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the High Beach of California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of Mars County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by their beautiful views from San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Street, the head engineer, who was commissioned to build the bridge, he said,``The bridge is virtually the test of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor likely . ''
But from their openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that travel between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, such as each since he releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that happens below your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water roughly 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which would drill vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those who don't, usually they get into the independent water, and then they drowned.
I don't believe that the people who are contemplating this method of suicide is to realize the death of death to which they're going to face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there's 32 parallel steel inches to the bridge.
This is where most people are left before taking their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this photograph last year while this young man talked to an officer connecting her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these call.
This was not just a bad service to those who contributed suicide, but the officers also.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Garbub.
I met it in Julia's 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I got, I watched Jason talking to an official of the Goldman Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, I asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remembering the Greek mythology, Zen created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, the curiosity could be more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
And they came out of the plague, and they got together, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
They stopped a few instances, he leaned on the right, and it went.
This beloved, smart boy of New Jersey just took off life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be sound very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The externalities of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved outside?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not only do you have to talk, but you have to hear.
Listening to understand.
You don't argue, you guys, or you say to the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid of dealing with them and asking the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have been thinking about finishing their life; have you had these thoughts? ''
Confine the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look at: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to get better -- impact, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessed.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still pretty unsustainable, but I noticed more moments of realizing that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Pete to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father 19.
He never got there.
He called the PalmPilot police and repeated it as it disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and informed me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1850 in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting by those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong with a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with her.
My prayers are with your fight.
The GDP, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passion through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victorian . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11th , 2005, he responded to a radio call by a possible subject in the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my engine through the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he went immediately the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next and half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his account that day will come back to that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was what he did to go back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
They let me talk and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
\" Dear Lord British, nothing will erase the events of March 11th, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was washing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious from all those heroic traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Sincere in debt with you, Orange Bertie . ''
And at the end she wrote,``P.C . when I visited the San Francisco Hospital that night, you shape like the patient.
\" I don't have to solve! ''
Now, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurting another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Usually, this is just about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've been told, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
At the end, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to say, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second that they left the railing they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us must be striving to do.
Support can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you don't are, but in your inner, you know what you are, and one question is, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, and I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had.
My outside finally connected to my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to the later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know, he managed to get it, you got it.
But last October, I found that, hardly, I'm beginning.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin, or by the beliefs of those around us.
They are people who are always challenging the status quo, which is considered.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this enzyme is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"by birth because of my genitals.
I remember my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to be able to author.
The gender has always been considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never got to share my story, not because I would think that I'm a bad thing, but how the world deals to those of us who want to liberate.
Every day, thank you to be a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family that accepted me like I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a daily Hindu god, girls.
And when I was eight, I was on a party in Los Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me: this is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still see man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transgender beauty.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if he participated she would move out of the species of inspiration and the costume, and that night, I won in a bathroom suit, he won a crackers, and he had a third end between over 40 candidates.
That time changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a beauty of beauty of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the unemployed, especially when we were traveling to the Petersailings of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my request of the green card that I could go to live to the U.S.
I resist.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm having a divorce.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know that if you moved to the U.S., you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me that I would put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I am in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgery.
At the time in the U.S., it was necessary to do before we change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Genetton name and``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or power to get a tragedy, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears saw minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in New York City.
A young woman from New York who visually lived his truth, but, I woke up, he ended her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November 20, we do a global surveillance by the transgender Day of the transgender.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P.C Johnson and Sylvia Review.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, by exposing, so that someday, there's no more violence from November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Kenne, a quick question.
George Rockett: Sure . You see, first, thank you all my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been going to young women, who I've drained, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us have a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table, the subject that you sometimes don't block, and that there should be a space that would allow people to be able to author, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is getting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally are known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
He started his campaign for education by defending their rights in 2007, and when their efforts were threatened in 2011, when their efforts were bombed in 2011, when he took the National Peace Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm your father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you take a look at the history of humanity, women history is the history of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child is born, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not by his father, no mother.
The neighborhood comes, it gives their caregivers to the mother and no one happy the father.
And a mother gets a lot about having a child.
When you give light to the first child, the first daughter, you put sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and, with a son's hope, when he aluminum his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter . The daughter newborn, when it grows, it suffers also.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays home and school admitted their brothers.
Until age 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with their friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it's 13 years old, it's banned to go out of his house without a male partner.
It's confined at four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and their family, and if you plot the code of that honor, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, the joy of their life and happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies, which is called an operator.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a designer being useful.
If you marry it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it deep.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet:``The marry, they love it, and then gives light to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, increases the same law of obesity to her daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
And the brothers and sisters, when wrong was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legacy of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Washington, and I call my daughter like that.
But when I looked at, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admire it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a child's admission in a school?
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a huge event for child's life.
In a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An admission to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I had a Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the surname of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I'd never seen my sisters' names in no document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the variation of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged her to go with different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to incorporate them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, only for Malawi.
I've impressed all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson lesson.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called syndrome.
Broaders and sisters, we fought the more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the transparency.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all the political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned going to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
musicians were silent, the slime girls and the singers killed.
They suffer millions, but they were talking about, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and die when you talk about your rights.
It's really terrifying.
When I was 10 years old, it took up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the documentaries of the New York Times documentary, and I talked at every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread like a plane around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October nine of 2012, and he was shot to burn in the head.
It was a fateful day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he would inevitably say,``Please don't blame you.
You defend the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and join you.
Both were on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again again.
When Mao was in the hospital, and he had severe headaches and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my strike and the entertainment in my face.
I'm going to go well . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it comfort us.
Brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that even though it's an icon for children rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end up.
It fights their brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special about my tutor that has been so bold to Malaysia so brave, expressive and Ecuador? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I did.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Washington group . From Google, where I've had a split to my burden -- the vision of Google X, but all the work I'm going to talk about today here about brain science, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you're subjected to an operation of brain.
Are you still as smart or not?
If that, will you be smart?
After neuroscience, I missed a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixes, and try to get them to keep alive.
More than once I've saved myself.
But luckily, I have an experiment soul, so I decided that I would experiment to try to get the optimal dose, because there's really no clear map that says it in detail.
I started to test with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my self-determination, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case: for a few months, I tried doses and chemicals for a man's 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several types like this, or maybe some versions tied.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, so much insecure, fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then, I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I used to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do you get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to?
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Humor, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people today, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . It's simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative and invention.
So, after several years, I get to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, sophisticated, well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Would you imagine what would happen if a movie conductor was able to use their imagination only to steer the world who has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two developed groups.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you see the brain scan done by George Ganson and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as it was imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by looking at the content of the central column on the left . You see that difference is almost normal.
This was repeated in many individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost normal.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Gallery's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves in visual fields.
Let's put this way.
In this experiment, it was shown people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as their brains were scanned to create a lot of brain reactions in video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as they recorded a new scan.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan of the scan to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video that was shown.
This left us back.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same mapping.
This was conducted with the brain scan systems of more resolution today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes.
I do not offer for that.
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me . Tell the recent result of the MRI, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offers small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter to us?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances were involved with resourceful and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding in the transmitter and recovery of FM radio in the MRI systems.
At turn, instead of a magnetic field uniform, we use magnetic patterns that are structured to the FM frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of frequency processing processing patterns, we can actually increase the information that you can extract into a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flow of beautiful blood, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Would you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking with no filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thoughts and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about walking out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Your closet may be telling some person for the first time to love your love or tell someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any tough conversation that you've gone through in life.
Every single weapon is a tough conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and coming out of that weapon is something universal.
It's scary, and we don't like, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the military military: I won't scan my armpits, to quote Andy di France as a litany.
And I'm going to be pending that by the hole of my short swamp, and I'd shave my head, I'd really ask me a little boy,``Hey, are you boy or girl? ''
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I'd open my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rage.
The father would immediately cook the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold looked at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil it inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promise that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a boy or a girl?
A familiar silence, but this time was prepared, and I was about to walk into the female issues on the table . He had Betty Friedman quote.
Gloria Stein's quote.
Even a fragment from``Vagina Monologues"to show.
So I'd breathe a little bit, and I went down and my back, a four-year girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist double, just a girl with a question,``Are you boy or girl? ''
So I'd breathe again again, I set up headphones near it, and I said,``Hey, I know this is confusing.
I've got the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid's clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl from a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a stick, please? ''
And that was all . Just, OK, you're a girl.
What about the pleasure I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I've ever had.
And why?
Just as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and I know, often my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is.
You only know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of his closet, but this is the thing: The hard thing isn't relative.
The hard thing is difficult.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who's declared in the broken bank is harder than to say it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that the story is harder than to say to your five-year-old than you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the difficult thing.
We need to stop classification what's hard to be about what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in weapons, and they may make security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what your walls are made, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I, I had a horse tail, a dress and shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian who was prepared to fight another four-year-old who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, it was covered in a corner of my dark weapon by driving my gay graduation, and the move only a muscle is the most scary thing ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint, and now the world became purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grenade, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable graduate launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the guests knew that I was gay, and by doing my honor workers, in my black dress and heels, I walked around the table, and I finally got to one where my parents were, people who met me.
And after talking a moment, one of the women came,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay relativity battle had started.
\" Chris, were you ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Chris, you know my station Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Ah, what's your favorite TV program? ''
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was from my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains.
Surely, it might have been easy to figure out where they felt messages.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were striving.
And what else can you ask someone, but to be striving?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the difficult talks are still not my strong point.
Ask anybody that I've gone out with.
But I'm getting better, and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just toss it . Throw your patches.
If you know they're gay, I'll say it.
If you say to your parents that you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You've never been discussing that.
And some of you can get safe wounded, get rid of what they've done, but you never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So next time you find it in a broken dark dark, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the veil.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of AdSense Dike``The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When Explore Dike wrote this, it made it as a criticism to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth's biology or intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very bizarre effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to some moment in time, asteroids that are going to be able to do that.
And so I'm saying that this is the same question as the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, which pointed out, I believe, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be completely advanced for intelligence development, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, from a number of years ago: Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = a for the intelligence that I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or to keep the open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future, touch.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Second research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more messy, or entropy, in their life, should have tendency to more favorable conditions for smart beings like us.
But what if that random cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually comes directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called The International, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that it's inside.
Amazingly, Atlanta was able to go through multiple animal intelligence evidence, play games of human intelligence, and even earn money by trading actions, all of them without being able to do that.
Here are some examples of Atlanta in action.
Just like a human standing without falling, here we see English balance automatically a position using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part, because we never gave it to Tinne a goal.
He just decided to balance the position.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability for tools of tools to have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see Atlanta can make a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Transparency is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a bridge game against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
Here we see English running new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successful network.
This same network of networks also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a ships of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand global level their scope from Atlantic to Pacific.
In the same way, Atlanta is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Atlanta spontaneously discovering and execute a comparison strategy, versal in a simulated number of actions, successfully increasing assets under their administration.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Muslims: What you've seen is a variety of brands of brands of smart cognitive behaviors like tools of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, leading to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of use of the robot, the word``RISD"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then Mexican, and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the search of the goal.
I often ask me,``How is it that you're going to look for targets, you get out of this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is the next: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge from how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that Earth is only one between billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the German intensity of stars when the planets go through the front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of planets as well as the distance of the distance and their stem star.
In together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their suns.
At turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from a million now are disappearing in decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
It studies the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where they discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for extraterrestrial opportunities in the developer sector.
Now, as a very interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look at the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each one of these new worlds invite a comparison between the really discovered planet and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we studied Mars.
Our Rovers are tracking their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the Malapago mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks.
The private companies now offer not only space flights, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these images are reminded us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonization, really embarrassing places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places of the Earth, the air is fresh and it's filled with oxygen that's blown by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry about this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets, and I get a big, sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this inevitable destruction of the single planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
And so I like the international exploration, I'm deep disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the truth of truth will have a place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not contradiction.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world, like extraterrestrial Panbanisha.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and intrinsic areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked: having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become so technologically advanced enough to be able to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of the important thing that it is to protect the origin of planets that propelled this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a cross, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a crowd could take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I thought of my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I sure it's not more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it went out well.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little about how the brain works under stress.
Liberation cortical that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and the thought.
And when I got to the show of failure in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in place, which prevents bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they measure the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later my thoughts weren't criminalized.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Nathan, the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him about I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that he had been practicing something called a prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years earlier, known as the premise.
Everybody knows what it is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the premise, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about to you is from some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evident, some of them are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will make a place for the things that are lost easily.
This sounds like common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's good, where the fish are, that uses fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's going on in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their noses.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the solid sense of the squirrels, and they still could find their noses.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car keys, reading and passports.
So at home, you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading goggles, a particular message.
If you hold a place, and you're supernova with it, you will always be there when you search them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card, to drive, passion, send it by email to themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic, and the thought is.
So part of the premise practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's maybe no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talking about a very particular medical approach.
But this is written as a propose for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the fact that you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help reduce the cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, and it's even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, you get the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you have to ask from which most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NIH, the number required to treat.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or a surgeon in any medical procedure before you will help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of broken statistics that is?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't remind me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Galapagos estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number required to treat the most widely received statue, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before it will help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers reporter Merkel Group and Pamela Harvard, who was convicted independently by Bloomberg.
I'm exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, it would melt brain or another adverse.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it's,``Tell me about side effects ."Yes?
For this particular drug, side effects occur in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: weakness pain and articulate, sanitation pain, but now think,``Five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still taking medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think about clarity.
So think about how you're going through this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, no? A person has helped it, five percent have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you will help you.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe they're thinking that I've launched this number on the value of the crash, but actually this number required to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you get in the older men of 50, the prostate of prostate per cancer, the number required to treat is 49.
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include impact or erectile dysfunction, original inconvenience, straight language, fecal uncertainty.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of those 50 percent of the effects will only run a year or two.
So the idea of promise is to think before time, the questions that you can make that you will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to build all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change it in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortission under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that they're going down a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the line or the immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react fast . You might be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Nathan and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Now, revelating night at night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key of entry in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of emails that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm making it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Phillin,``feet"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're touching a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two feet, even further.
Four feet, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a foot' tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of feet are, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the L.A., as well as a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came down during the 1800s, and with the time step, it mixes with local signs, and the language is developed that today we know like SOLEs.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true for nothing.
sounds are a very important part of my life, they really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound of sounds, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, construction, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't break the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the potato bag . ''
\" No mistakes, and when you're eating, you don't make sure you're not going to throw the covers on the dish . ''
All of this, I call this sound tag.
Maybe I think of the software tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nervestoning the sound, which is about coming next.
Here, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TBP, for continuing.
IBM, by announcing.
You can see the generator doesn't have the notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle, subtle balls.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``pennign"in classrooms.
A typical penis has five lines.
However, to me, make the bone with my thumb like that.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the chance to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that struck me.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art's territory.
Am I going to get more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know so well that it's not only through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or I can experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything I had taught me about the sound, I decided to leave it out and get it away.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was alien, it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be bent to me and my artistic work, or I could be able to do.
I chose that I would empower me.
There's a massive culture around language.
And only because I don't use my literary voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me like and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with a lot of different stages from Alaska.
And your voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me hear.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value, like taking a loan with a very high range rate.
If I don't continue this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and analysis.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can say from a concept in classrooms.
The two are very space and highly modular, which means subtle changes can affect all the signs as much as the sounds are.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how slash works.
So, imagine a piano.
The L.A. is split in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, your body's movement, speed, the shape of your hand and like that, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you're going to run only one keyboard at once.
However, the slash is more like an chord, they need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in classrooms.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, doorbell and volume.
In classrooms, using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the``piracy for that . ''
This is the``piracy for that . ''
I'm seeing you.
Look at me.
Oh, I got married.
Uh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough!
So I started thinking, and if I look at Asia through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and it gets.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel like``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights,``Last night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in classrooms and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one will be a hand, two, two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` Ubbent to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time,``There was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically in the same time.
See MD: Right hand, E: left hand.
We have the window through the head and the chest.
( Face: MD, flow .) [Per Common] ) (Petter ends) () In the chest, I'll teach you a shape of your hand called``flow".
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``fall in love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the L.A. .
Now, the third . Please stand up again.
And again.
It's lighting.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Come down ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job all.
Look how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the CAO is alive and thriving, like music.
However, we live in a very authoritarianism world.
And only because the L.A. doesn't have sounds, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the USDA to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn associations.
The L.A. is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis KT: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me,``You can take it all, but then you have to wipe it up . ''
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I must say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults also go to me, and they're not very good to clean the other people's other.
The time happened, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach, and you're working with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it takes an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dreamed of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started to build this message of work with adult height so that the very cheap kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who engineer electric tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic, and we reduce it to size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragmented.
That's what we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them on something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we'll only collect information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we created what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of prototype that we end before lunch.
And we transformed light bulbs and web cameras in accessories, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through water and the plastics we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board will process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website called``Installation ,"with the hope that someone else gets better.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I smoke, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill, just using hands, in Istanbul, the largest skull rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drinks, it's the water where they bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and oil are also brown, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called sports, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can illuminate through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and the sense of creativity to help each other.
[ I can investigate a problem at the distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe addressing a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they designed several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fukushima, a nuclear central central.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution traces for SETI.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima's radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, of the moment, has a safe aspect, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents weren't allowed.
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see different mask use.
It might seem like they didn't take the job seriously, but they do because they're going to have to live with the drug.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the international, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary location map from the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the lift map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was leaking from the top of the mountain to the criminal system and desperately desperately.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We approached up to 1.5 miles away from the nuclear central, and with the aid of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a sediment of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, but open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has become more frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little biology, optics, basically, you can build almost up there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where kids' dreams can become reality with adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Charles Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave to our kids are lies.
We cannot afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, dreamer, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is important about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble in gross, he saw a figure that struggle to be free.
The piano was unique of Michelangelo.
But the living creatures are not linked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information that is required by every cell to work and replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by recordings of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have declined a world made of parts, focusing the imagination of designers and architects trained to think their objects as assembly parts of different parts.
But you don't find human materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diverse pores.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act mainly like filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work currently between the prison and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two worlds in the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analytics and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two worlds in the world, rendering from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible for 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they're controlling four disciplines that offers designers that we have never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a wingspan of 24 meters of diameter with a vibrating basis that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms.
Here we have reinvented the jealous, an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique to model light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility to create a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade from Paris with Iran, and it's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and missing 3D pace without cars, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
The designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allows us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time structural, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire me, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a syndrome.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opportunity and color, running to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not by addiction of another material or another assembly, but changing continuously and deliberately.
But is the ideal nature?
Aren't there parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and really define a lot of what I care about.
Like she said,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit fragmented tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruits.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would design be if objects made a single piece?
Would we come back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of material of the frontal tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biotechnology on the planet is called street, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multidisciplinary structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, and we put them up and we produced punishment.
Seeing chemical concentrations, we've been able to get a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures in large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple controlled limbs.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from a single 3.3 meters long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
Air bubbles that were a printing process was used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increased the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere rapidly and turning it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no trouble to go to mesh, and if it gets even more, windows.
A fruit fragmented tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made out of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, will feed the marine life; and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The ad for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility to create clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own element of elements: new forms of life, which is completely engineered, and augmented by biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid tar, only that instead of transforming price metals, they synthesized new biological functionalities within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first one is the baseball.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater water.
And the second one, E. coli, the bacterium that is in the human intestine.
A turning light, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but design evolution.
In order to continue these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help you flow these bacteria and alter their function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, turning the properties of the material in the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portal digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it's 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here's, as a primitive at TED, our first portable physical, bright liquid channels within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're a mother creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue and have our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
So, you've always got to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
It's also known that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . Help with sophistication.
This caption of worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
Now, it doesn't adapt to this level of sophistication.
It does it by combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm first gets together in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to thread a shock of compression.
tension and understanding, the two forces of life, is manifest in a single material.
In order to better understand how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk worm, to the spinnerets.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of silk worms.
However, when you put silk worm into a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it's a flat cocoon and still metabolism.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we found that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get rid of silk worms to death within their shoes, their silk gets rid and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
It's merely metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process down to architectural scale.
We had a toilet robot making silk templates, and we put us on our site.
We knew that silk silk worms toward darker and cold zones, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or arresters, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms about structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a silk silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to thread with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and while they were silent, they were coming up, they're going up, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much more cut.
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and it was right.
Now, the biological silk of silk about the silk silk, they give all this pavilion.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms.
In a symmetry curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the crash, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here's the two visions of the world.
A thread silk through a robotic arm, the other full cows.
If the last frontier of design is to make life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
What brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, that leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be most of? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when you asked them for the first time this?
They can show them with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be from? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be most of? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, materials and art and developed websites . And also, he played the guitar on a band called Telephan frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave you.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let me absorb and I'm like,``Yes! I've found the mine ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go on that.
This pattern caused me a lot, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions, and refuse to get bored.
Another reason why I became so anxious was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad for me to not define anything.
I worried to fear commitment, or to be dispersed, or to refuse or to my own success.
If you can relate my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned: they learned it from culture.
We're wondering,``What do you want to be most of? ''
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you are at that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute answers in kids like,``being astronaut"or``be a dancer"or``I want to be pirate . ''
They're the Deparate of Health here.
This question is going to be done over and over again as we grow in various forms, P, to school students, are asked to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be most? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what takes us the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream of what they might be, not inspired to dream of everything they might be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are well-intentioned, you may be laughing and say,``Oh, how nice, but you can't be artistic and psychological.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs, and he's an art of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, a turning magazine in illustrator, entrepreneurs, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what is that thing and devote your life to it.
But if you are someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And I feel like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You are a multi-dimension.
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a boy for that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that tell the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well dressed in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer refers to us like``scanners . ''
They use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems like a species to adapt to a community, we cannot agree with one identity.
It's easy to see globalization as limitation or application that you have to beat.
But what I've learned talking to people, and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three multiple superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in intersection.
And Hann Winky and Rachel Bionics expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Meth.
Meternation is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
A guy and Rachel came up with this unique idea for their eclectic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come.
And the multi-dimensions, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When we multiply them, we're going to it.
Everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be beginners, because it's a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we persisted, so we rarely started zero.
North Rwanda is a full-time trip and independent writing.
As a pianist child, a incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before I turned into writer, North was financial planners.
He had to learn the most late sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to spend what you're drawn to, even if you finally abandoned.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . That is the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Carvan is sometimes direct in video, others, web pages, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine Fast Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to satisfy the needs of the market, which really will thrive.
Sense of ideas, fast learning and adaptability: three skills where globalization are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their targets.
As a society, we have a big interest to foster the globalization because they are themselves.
We have complex, multi-dimensional problems right now, and we need creative thinkers to do in front of them.
Let's say, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist and a malleability motion.
The specialist can dive in deep and put in practical ideas, and the crowd offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that vary the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the globalization is largely encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recording with the inner wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you give the best of yes.
But for the multinational in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say to them, recording with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits of rabbit.
They explore intersections.
Articled our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps the most important, multinational, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1900, a woman called Justine took it to a psychiatric at Francis.
And they went down and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Elvis didn't know how to help Austria, but he was blown by it until, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, Alice did an autopsy, and they found strange and hormone plates in the Australia brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Justine had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alice was 14 years ago.
Alice was Dr. Alex Alzheimer.
And Austria determines, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, antidepressants for HIV, states for carbons and much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's more than a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one of two.
In other words, there's the probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping care about a friend or loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Now it's the most expensive disease, and their costs prevent a five-year increase in 2050, as it develops the generation of the boom.
They may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slowed down.
We understand less from Alzheimer than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than at Alzheimer's cancer, despite the fact that Alzheimer costs us more and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a most fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, every single, scientists, Alzheimer's conflict with aging.
We think that will be sexy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you can only look at a picture of a healthy old brain compared to a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to unraveling a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer reduces significantly life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the Bush brain, a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of proteins.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds well, these sticky points end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky points are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and holes.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of which step is complex, like drawing a bomb.
Correlating a wire could do nothing.
cutting the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have reduced and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new type of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are punched into each other within them, as humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that healthy and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, of selling Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to convince us that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit for cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too far apart to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Nowadays, there are 40 million patients like Austria, who can't create the change that they need for themselves.
They will help speak for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
He published this article at the New York Times column, in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to ask 36 questions more and more personal, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried before another person?
And only?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 :...this really like -- Tell your partner what's attached to you or she -- I know very confident this time, and I gave you things that you wouldn't say to someone who you've ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the crew that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited from the whole lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
We fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Colora love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Are you still together?
And the reason I think you think about this is because you've asked me this question over and over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would actually get thousands of views.
And that brought a good attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he got, he had no idea.
The paper was released online a Friday night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, you've already called the Toy Show and the Google Moran American.
In a month, the paper got over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with meaning about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or writing, what every day for weeks, they were always doing the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email with the phrase,``You still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman came up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately put it red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San values, who included the experiences of readers when we test the study of them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse in all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every single request that we both made a public appearance together.
I collected television interviews, and you refuse the photos of the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid of turning into the installating icons of the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: or whether it was able to produce a specific love, not just an adventure, but real love, love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people ask the wrong question.
How do you know if you're going to go together or not, and you will tell them?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 . And there, the goal of the research wasn't producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called``sustained openness, progressive and reciprocal . ''
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing that, and several studies were also used by the Apollo Prize protocol of Aron as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideologies.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal art, and then a student came up to me and said,``I tried the studio and didn't work.
He seemed disappeared for it.
And I said,``Do you mean you fall in love with the person who you did?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I: But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that they got better after testing the study?
Seattening.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think that's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was practically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or if he could live without him.
So I got in science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of be vaccinated to me.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought only to the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I had the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to be so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you can reasonably give me to me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being beloved indefinitely by the person I love.
This may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because in love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we are very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that questions: Are you still together?
And their content with an answer of Yes or no.
So more than one question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve, and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and slow down?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means love love.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, this is a year ago, a known and I apply a study that's designed to create romantic love, we love, we still go together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing to stay in love.
They fall in love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: love didn't happen.
We fall in love because we took choice to be.
And I'm looking at a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed to be.
Not to consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the type of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what I'm looking for, is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy ending of my article's title, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a mountain full injury, and in a way I came like a forest of the forest.
New York City is a time ago, which really affected me, but more detail later.
I'll start with when I was eight.
I took a wood box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some bizarre humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am , 30 years later, I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I dragged all the pages and I made a kind of calculated cells to the Angel Martin style, the resin covered and a bee got stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow around, draw the same that it's done around a skull in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects, and I created my own set of specimens invented.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
And then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was cool, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Serita.
It was great, man.
At some point, I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my own work with something very big, which I call``trick . ''
For the traffic, I was largely inspired in``The Garden of Lesini"by Hungi Bosch, which is a painting at the Museum Museum in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the triptych . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 kilos.
1.5 feet long.
It's double, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lobsters.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh infrastructure where you hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads go to the face, ready to suicide in mass as changing in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a bird child tied to a hug.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the peter platform of the Walmart spill, the Osharel bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
As well as a kind of puzzle.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he picks oil in a hand while the other hand gets clouds.
Their hands are like battles, and it seems to be a mythology that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a little bit of traffic.
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I'm talking about.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a nose, like a bird peak, and you get clouds from this trap.
And it also has a 1.5 feet long, a supplies of snakes that join the tropics.
Anyway, their tail is going to be able to get on a volcano.
I don't know why that country.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a child electron balloon made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead at their time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: one is called physiological.
It's a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is a file of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedias, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope board that weighs 1,300 kilos with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can interview the input.
I'm going to join you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it gives you the penis or the non-lethal, or whatever it has, a kind of anti-genocide thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a participating body.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We are in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Person Wars.
Inside this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world; and a garden.
We mentioned the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that's living.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts from countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head off?
They take a aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and intended system for any medication to be effective in the body.
The disadvantage, though, is that when you translate any medication, it gets rid.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the curriculum of CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take into the bloodstream, they dilate, and worse even by the time they take into their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where virus is infinite and it doesn't enter the bloodstream of patients that are held to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life managed by gold.
One day, I sat down, and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was front of me: lasers, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for wound care and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything imaginable, including the intellectual transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using lasers of laser to open or drill extremely small holes, and they open up and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
You're wondering,``How is that possible? ''
We send a little bit of a little bit of lasers on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem very much.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can drive the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violence to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything conflict in course, because war has changed.
I used to be an dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21 peace peace deals between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
Armed struggle and non-lethal policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We cannot understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Herber Liberation, known by their violent cooling against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Weibo has also established a political party, a social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamas Palestinian, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the GIS magazine, print in English and published to recruit.
Now, armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fund, but through profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they get a professional, professional training program.
Herbie offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of Taliban in an Afghanistan display, or even the beginning of the AIDS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups by giving security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electronic victory of 2006 of the Palestinian House cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, the less we can categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Herbie?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what's ISIS?
The lines were drawn.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak are the states, like in the Middle East today, more intervention and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important as well to be able to make the peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give peace or stability.
To make these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are neighbors, but I fear that I'm going to actually accept the feminist tag, it would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm authorized as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started to call the Mali Feynman.
So, what started as a personal joke, and a deliberate cause, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and hated sex . As if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and the anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using people when I can be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a word taboo and unpleasant.
They took me like a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-worth, and he dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also proud of being.
For me, certain statements are irreducible: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have a right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative controls or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identities.
We are not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradiction.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear a rap music, it's going to go to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women, and I'm deeply angry, the classic``Salt Sharen"from the Min Manuel Twin is amazing.
\" Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Peter, he's going to go up until it hurts you . ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I believe strongly at the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage collection, lawns care and machinery maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The rose is my favorite color.
It's enjoying the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Bach"and the romantic comedy, and I have a fantastic fantasies of the fairy tales that become reality.
Some of my crimes are cheaper.
If a woman wants to adopt their husband's appetite, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, they accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is managed to make women economically vulnerable when they choose.
So we solve this problem.
It refuse conventional feminist that has ignored or destroyed the needs of color women, workers, homosexuality and transgender, for white women, heterosexual, middle-class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feminines on a pedestal.
We hope for perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would remove them with a lot of taste from the same pedal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I've already regarded that pedal before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"by fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Let's take Beijing, or I call it, the Goddess.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Adians Museum of 2014, on MTV, acting in front of the word``feminist"in three meters tall.
It was a wonderful show, to see this pop star open openly the feminist and make women know and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started international debates whether Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They trained their feminist, instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We get perfection from feminist, because we're still fighting, we want a lot, we need so carefully.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until nothing is left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our imperfections to realize, go to action and be a little more courageous.
If I hear a degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we extend change affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why does their music have to be so heavy?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are justified, it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
These are two gorgeous, determined little girls, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is vibrating as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program treats sexual violence against women as sports, the Game Game.
We can change the radio imaging when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as a wedding bag.
In any case, the men, especially the white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a sufficient number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization, is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are suspended, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refused to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers.
Because we are not free . Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and producers of cinema and music, CEOs, lawmakers, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also be able to claim our feminist, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist"says,``Would you prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above everything, because my voice was stolen to me and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to do what happened.
Some kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't believe that I could say something that might matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I got into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if it was a little brave, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say, and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave, when you need such value.
Right after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had a measles for having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then through the border with Canada, affecting more than 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Dennerout outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that triggered policy about autism and vaccines that were broken, disqualified and marked by being a delighted fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you think most smart scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that he had heard about it creates their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers started to shoot.
Organizations of fundraising, like autism Supers, refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could get another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Congressional Disease Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``different diagnostic criteria"and``a better detail of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of her two years, the visual contact.
If diagnosis criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanne, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, in 1973, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to be private worlds, giving people around them, even their own parents.
They could get fun for hours by waving their hands in their faces, but they were prey from the panic by memories as when their favorite toy wasn't placed in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansas speculated that autism is very rare.
By the time of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I've seen less than 150 cases of their syndrome as I gather reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Karasa criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I refused to give that diagnosis to kids with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he got paid that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their driver because of being autistic without giving them an autism diagnosis.
Nathan was an intelligent man, but part of his theories weren't cereal.
It classify autism as a form of child psychopaths caused by cold and disappointed parents.
These kids, he said, have remained carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't slow.
At the same time, though, Kansas noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before we get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Nathan had a bad opinion of these skills, making things like kids were simply registering what they had heard their parents were hearing, desperate by winning their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Unfortunately, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test Kansas's theory that autism was rare.
Larry Wi-Fi, the cognitive psychology of London, he thought the theory of the mothers of Kansas was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were very warm and affected people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Russia.
Larry and John knew how hard it was to raise a child like Susie without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend to the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Luria and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a curriculum of autism in the general population.
They fought a suburb from London called Cambodia to try to find autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was clear that the NASA model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were upset in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genealogy of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice squares and assumed, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Nathan would have predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, next year to the Karanne article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Nathan knew about this article of competition, but he avoided dramatically to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but fortunately, the Lord husband was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching differences were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids followed their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that require compassionate forms of support and applications during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help the development of methods that were especially suited to them.
Basically, Asperger saw autism as a different continuum that was an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Larry and Judith found that Nathan was wrong in which autism was amazing, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they call autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in, by replacing the limited model of Kansas by a broad and inclusive of Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacks.
Unfortunately, when Larry and Judith worked between toilets to reform these criteria, people from around the world would see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out,``Rain Man"in 1988, only a little circle, commissioned by experts knew what the autism was, but after the inevitable performance of Dusty Hoffman, like Randy Webb and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four prices from Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I didn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes, and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis started to get rid, like they predicted Lorohen and Judith, and they were actually expecting it to be, getting people to autism and their families finally get the support and the services that are deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blaming vaccines for increased diagnosis . A simple, powerful, and seductive history as bad as the theory of Kansas that autism was amazing.
If the current estimate of prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest mineral groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the idea to refuse the idea that they are the puzzle for solving the new medical advances, addressing the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand novelty is to think about terms of systems of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, sexually social, and suffers from a deficit deficit to details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
Seventy years later, we're still reaching Asperger for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in understanding of teachers, employers with capability, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zero Zazandesh once said,``We need every hand in covered to redefine the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to cope with the challenges we face as a society.
We cannot afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
